-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
             CODEBOOK FOR 1995 SURVEY OF CONSUMER FINANCES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      Survey of Consumer Finances
              Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
                           Mail Stop 153
                        Washington, DC  20551

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

To:       Users of the 1995 SCF
From:     Arthur Kennickell, SCF Project Director
Date:     September 20, 1999
Subject:  Description of the Final Release of the 1995 SCF

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARNING: This codebook contains over 51,000 lines of text, including
this introduction, variable descriptions, the program used to collect
the survey data, and other material.  Most users will probably NOT
want to print the entire document.  Generally, we work with the file
in electronic form.

This codebook serves as the principal guide to the variables
included on the final public version (June 3, 1997 version) of the
1995 SCF dataset.  However, not every variable included in this
codebook is actually in the public use dataset.  Among other things,
the dataset does NOT include most variables related to the sample
design, details of geography, or the 3-digit industry and occupation
codes.  Although we have attempted to mark the variables in the
codebook that are not available to the public, there may be errors or
omissions.  The definitive list of the variables included is given at
the end of this file.  Please consult that list to determine whether a
given variable is available to you.

For a general overview of the 1995 SCF, see Arthur B. Kennickell,
Martha Starr-McCluer, and Annika E. Sunden, "Family Finances in
the U.S.: Evidence from the Survey of Consumer Finances," Federal
Reserve Bulletin, January 1997.  Results you may obtain from using
this release of the 1995 SCF may differ from those reported in this
article for several reasons.  First, the Bulletin article is based on
an earlier version of the data.  Second, the analysis weights used in
that article were altered to provide robust estimates of the detailed
categories shown: In brief, the data were examined for extreme
outliers, and where a given case was overly influential in determining
an outcome, the weight was trimmed and other weights were inflated to
maintain a constant population.  Finally, as noted below, the public
version of the data has been systematically altered to minimize the
likelihood that unusual individual cases could be identified.
Our analysis of the public dataset suggests that these changes should
not alter the conclusions of reasonable analyses of the data.

QUESTIONNAIRE
The 1995 SCF was collected using computer-assisted personal
interviewing (CAPI).  Thus, there is no questionnaire in the usual
sense.  This codebook serves as the authoritative guide to the
definitions of variables included in the survey.  At the end of this
file, a copy of the Autoquest (Surveycraft) program that was used to
collect the data is included.  The AQ program serves as the
authoritative reference for questions relating to question ordering
and skip sequences.  Because question ordering is important in
understanding the meaning of many questions, users of the data are
encouraged to consult the AQ program.  In the survey dataset,
many variables have been moved, recoded, or inferred; almost always
such changes can be identified from the shadow variables associated
with the variables.  At the very end of this file, a translation of
most AQ variables into SCF variables is provided.  However, as noted
there, this list is incomplete.  Nevertheless, a diligent user should
be able to deduce the relationship between all the variables.

FILES INCLUDED
The full public dataset consists of two pieces in addition to this
codebook file.  The main dataset, which contains most of the survey
variables, is a 470 megabyte file (typically stored as a SAS transport
file in zipped form:  8.2 megabytes in this form).  A file of of 49.1
megabytes (23.5 megabytes in zipped transport form) contains 999
replicate weights and multiplicity factors intended to be used for
variance estimation.

VARIABLE NAMES
The main data values are stored in the SAS dataset using variable
names prefixed by an "X."  We have tried, insofar as it was possible,
to retain the variable numbering system used in earlier SCFs.  Where
the content of a variable has changed in a substantive way, we have
assigned a new variable number.  A small number of questions were
added, and a small number were deleted.  Each of the variables in the
main dataset has a "shadow" variable that describes--in almost all
cases--the original state of the variable (i.e., whether it was
missing for some reason, a range response was given, etc.).  An
exception is reported values which have been imputed or otherwise
altered to protect the privacy of respondents (see below); such values
are not flagged in any systematic way.  Users who so desire may use
the shadow variables to restore the data to something very close to
their original condition. The shadow variables have the same numbers
as the main variable, but have a prefix of "J."  A list of the values
taken by the shadow variables is given in the section below entitled
"DISCUSSION OF RANGE DATA COLLECTION AND J-CODES."

UNIT OF ANALYSIS
Most of the data in the survey are for a subset of the household unit
referred to as the "primary economic unit" (PEU).  In brief, the PEU
consists of an economically dominant single individual or couple
(married or living as partners) in a household and all other
individuals in the household who are financially dependent on that
individual or couple.  For example, in the case of a household
composed of a married couple who own their home, a minor child, a
dependent adult child, and a financially independent parent of one of
the members of the couple, the PEU would be the couple and the two
children.  Summary information is collected at the end of the
interview for all household members who are not included in the PEU.
Throughout the codebook, we refer to the "head" of the household.  The
use of this term is euphemistic and merely reflects the systematic way
in which the dataset is organized.  The head is taken to be the single
core individual in a PEU without a core couple.  In a PEU with a
central couple, the head is taken to be either the male in a mixed-sex
couple or the older individual in the case of a same-sex couple.  No
judgment about the internal organization of the households is implied
by this organization of the data.  When the original respondent was
someone other than the person determined to be the head in this sense,
all data (including response codes) were systematically swapped with
that person's spouse or partner.  The variable X8000 indicates which
cases have been subjected to such rearrangement.

IMPUTATION
The missing data in the survey have been imputed five times by drawing
repeatedly from an estimate of the conditional distribution of the
data.  These imputations are stored as five successive replicates
("implicates") of each data record.  Thus, the number of observations
in the dataset (21,495) is five times the actual number of respondents
(4299); see below in the weight section of the codebook for a
discussion of the use of these implicates.  The imputation procedure
is described in detail in "Imputation of the 1989 Survey of Consumer
Finances: Multiple Imputation and Stochastic Relaxation", by Arthur
Kennickell.  For a general discussion of multiple imputation and its
uses, see MULTIPLE IMPUTATION FOR NONRESPONSE IN SURVEYS by Donald
B. Rubin, John Wiley and Sons, 1987.  The multiple imputations allow
users to estimate the amount of uncertainty in estimates that is due
to imputation.  For users who want to estimate only simple statistics
such as means and medians ignoring imputation error, it will probably
be sufficient to divide the weights by 5.  Users who want to estimate
regressions should be cautious in their treatment of the
implicates. Many regression packages will treat each of the five
implicates as an independent observation and correspondingly inflate
the reported significance of results. Users who want to calculate
regression estimates, but who have no immediate use for proper
significance tests (perhaps for exploratory work), could either
regress the average of the dependent and independent values across the
implicates, or multiply the standard errors of the regression (on all
observations) by the square root of five.  For an easily
understandable discussion of multiple imputation in the SCF from a
user's point of view, see Catherine Montalto and Jaimie Sung,
"Multiple Imputation in the 1992 Survey of Consumer Finances,"
Financial Counseling and Planning, Volume 7, 1996, pages 133-146 (or
on the Internet at http://hec.osu.edu/people/shanna/imput.htm).

"OTHER" CODES
In almost every case where a respondent could supply a response that
did not fit in the codeframe offered to interviewers on their computer
screens, the CAPI program was constructed to allow the entry of a
verbatim response.  There were a few open-ended questions that were
set up to accept only a verbatim response.  All of these responses were
run through a standard coding process at NORC.  Once the data were at
the FRB, strenuous efforts were made to resolve all instances of
responses that remained coded as "other."  Because all verbatim
responses were captured by the CAPI program, the resolution
process was simplier than in the past.   Such responses that remain
are unusual legitimate responses which do not fit within the
existing codeframe, and because they appear unlikey to reoccur in future
surveys, the codeframe was not augmented.  Responses that were not
informative were treated as missing values and were imputed.  In the
1992 survey, scanned images of the paper questionniares were stored on
CD ROM, and all "other" responses were looked up.  However, because
the collection of verbatim responses was not enforced to the degreee
that is possible with CAPI, a substantial fraction of cases contained
no additional information.  Thus, there is a larger fraction of
unresolved "other" responses in 1992 than in 1995.  In 1989, it
appears that the SCF coders were more successful than in 1992 in
resolving "other" responses.  Because of the different treatment of
verbatim responses over time, analysts should exercise caution in
time series comparisons of "other" responses.

ANALYSIS WEIGHTS
Because the SCF sample is not an equal-probability design, weights
play a critical role in interpreting the survey data.  The main
dataset contains the final nonresponse-adjusted sampling weights.
These weights are intended to compensate for unequal probabilities of
selection in the original design and for unit nonresponse (failure to
obtain an interview).  The weight (X42001) is a partially design-based
weight constructed at the Federal Reserve using original selection
probabilities and frame information along with aggregate control
totals estimated from the Current Population Survey.  The population
defined by the weights for *each implicate* (see above) is 99.0
million households.  This weight is a relatively minor revision of the
consistent weight series (X42000) maintained for the SCFs beginning
with 1989 (For a detailed discussion of these weights, see "Consistent
Weight Design for the 1989, 1992, and 1995 SCFs and the Distribution of
Wealth," by Arthur B. Kennickell and R. Louise Woodburn, Review of
Income and Wealth, Series 45, Number 2, June 1999, pp. 193-215 or the
longer version given on the SCF web site at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/pubs/oss/oss2/method.html).  The nature
of the revisions to the consistent weights is described in "Revisions
to the SCF Weighting Methodology: Accounting for Race/Ethnicity and
Homeownership," by Arthur Kennickell (see SCF web site).  A version of
the revised weight has been computed for all the surveys beginning
with 1989, and this variable has been added to the public versions of
the SCF datasets.  Users should be aware that the sum of each of the weights
over all sample cases and imputation replicates is equal to five times
the number of households in the sample universe.


Although the weights should produce reliable results at the level of
broad aggregates (e.g., net worth and income ), it is important to
remember that many of the variables collected in the SCF are highly
skewed in their distribution and that many such variables will apply
to only a relatively small fraction of the sample.  In the SCF group
at the Federal Reserve, we routinely review our calculations for the
presence of overly-influential outliers, and robust techniques are
applied when appropriate.  We encourage other users to exercise
similar care in analyzing the data.  Users who use the SAS procedure
PROC UNIVARIATE are particularly warned to use the FREQ option (as
opposed to the WEIGHT option) to obtain weighted medians.

SAMPLING ERROR
Because we are unable to give users any sample information about cases
in the dataset, they will be unable on their own to compute
reasonable estimates of the sampling variances of their estimates.  To
facilitate such estimation, we have included a file of replicate
weights and multiplicity factors corresponding to X42001.  Using detailed
information about the original sample design, we selected 999 sample 
replicates from the final set of completed cases in a way intended to 
capture the important dimensions of sample variation (Arthur
Kennickell, Douglas McManus and Louise Woodburn, "Weighting design for 
the 1992 Survey of Consumer Finances" for details).  For each survey 
case and each replicate, the file contains a weight (WT1B1-WT1B999) 
and the number of times the case was selected in the replicate
(MM1-MM999).  We computed weights for each replicate using exactly the 
same procedures we used for the main weights.  Replicate weights were 
computed only for the first implicate of each case.  For most
purposes, users will probably want to multiply the weight times the 
multiplicity: in all cases the sum of each of the weights times the 
corresponding multiplicities of the cases equals the total number of 
households.  To estimate the sampling variance of the mean of family 
income, for example, a user would estimate the mean 999 times using 
the replicate weights and compute the standard error of that estimate.  
An estimate of the total standard error is given by
SQRT((6/5)*imputation variance + sampling variance).

A simple SAS program to compute the standard error due to sampling and
imputation for the mean and median of a given variable is provided
below.  This program may be adapted easily for other types of
calculations.  To conserve on necessary memory, the program computes
sampling error using blocks of 100 replicate weights rather than the
full set at once.  Users with large amounts of RAM may wish to
increase the size of these blocks, and those with smaller amounts may
wish to decrease the size.

    * MACRO MEANIT;
    * AK: May 1, 1997 version;
    * DSN specifies the name of the dataset to be used (the dataset
      should contain the following: the main weight renamed as WGT0, a
      set of variables WGT1-WGT999 equal to the replicate weights
      multiplied by the corresponding multiplicity factors, a variable
      for which one wishes to compute the standard error due to
      imputation and sampling for the mean and median, and a variable
      IMPLIC equal to the implicate number of each case)
      VAR contains the name of the variable for which one desires
      standard errors
      PFLAG: blank prints interim statistics/any character string
      (e.g., NO) surpresses printing;
    %MACRO MEANIT(DSN=,VAR=,PFLAG=);

    * compute global mean/median;
      PROC UNIVARIATE DATA=&DSN;
        FREQ WGT0;
        VAR &VAR;
      RUN;
    
    * rank order the data for the median calculation;
      PROC SORT DATA=&DSN;
        BY &VAR;
      RUN;

      PROC IML WORKSPACE=10000000 SYMSIZE=5000;
        RESET LOG LINESIZE=78;

    *   first imputation variance;

        EDIT &DSN;
        TEMP={IMPLIC &VAR WGT0};
        READ ALL VAR TEMP INTO MDATA;

    *   total population;
        POP=SUM(MDATA[,3])/5;

    *   create matrix to hold values of means/medians by implicates;
        IM=SHAPE(0,1,5);
        ID=SHAPE(0,1,5);

    *   compute mean/median;
        DO I=1 TO 5;
          IMP=MDATA[LOC(MDATA[,1]=I),2:3];
    *     compute mean;
          MM=IMP[,1]#IMP[,2];
          IM[1,I]=MM[+,]/POP;
    *     compute median;
          DD=IMP[RANK(IMP[,1]),];
          DD[,2]=CUSUM(DD[,2])/POP;
          ID[1,I]=DD[MIN(LOC(DD[,2]>=.5)),1];
          FREE IMP MM DD;
        END;
        FREE MDATA;

        %IF (&PFLAG EQ ) %THEN %DO;
          PRINT IM ID;
        %END;

    *   next sampling variance;
    *   create matrix to hold values of means/medians by replicates;
        RM=SHAPE(0,1,999);
        RD=SHAPE(0,1,999);
    
        %DO I=1 %TO 10;

          %PUT CLUMP NUMBER &I;
          %IF (&I EQ 1) %THEN %DO;
            %LET TOP=99;
            %LET BOT=1;
            %LET LEN=100;
          %END;
          %ELSE %DO;
            %LET BOT=%EVAL(&TOP+1);
            %LET TOP=%EVAL(&TOP+100);
            %LET LEN=101;
          %END;
          %LET WSTR=%STR();
          %DO J=&BOT %TO &TOP;
            %LET WSTR=&WSTR WGT&J;
          %END;

          EDIT &DSN;
          TEMP={&VAR &WSTR};
          READ ALL VAR TEMP WHERE (IMPLIC=1) INTO MDATA;
    
    *     compute means;
          MEAN=MDATA[,2:&LEN]#MDATA[,1];
          RM[,&BOT:&TOP]=MEAN[+,]/POP;

    *     compute medians;
          DO I=2 TO &LEN;
            MDATA[,I]=CUSUM(MDATA[,I])/POP;
            RD[&BOT+I-2]=MDATA[MIN(LOC(MDATA[,I]>=.5)),1];
          END;
          FREE MDATA;
        %END;

        %IF (&PFLAG EQ ) %THEN %DO;
          PRINT RM RD;
        %END;

    *   finally, compute standard error wrt imputation/sampling;
    *   (X-X-bar)**2/(n-1);
        IVM=(IM-IM[,+]/5)##2;
        IVM=IVM[,+]/4;
        IVD=(ID-ID[,+]/5)##2;
        IVD=IVD[,+]/4;

        RVM=(RM-RM[,+]/999)##2;
        RVM=RVM[,+]/998;
        RVD=(RD-RD[,+]/999)##2;
        RVD=RVD[,+]/998;

    *   SQRT(((ni+1/(ni))*SIGMAI**2) + SIGMAR**2));
        TVM=SQRT((6/5)*IVM+RVM);
        TVD=SQRT((6/5)*IVD+RVD);

        IVM=SQRT(IVM);
        IVD=SQRT(IVD);
        RVM=SQRT(RVM);
        RVD=SQRT(RVD);

        PRINT "STD DEV IMPUTATION: MEAN: " IVM "    MEDIAN: " IVD;
        PRINT "STD DEV SAMPLING: MEAN: " RVM "    MEDIAN: " RVD;
        PRINT "COMBINED STD DEV: MEAN: " TVM "    MEDIAN: " TVD;

      QUIT;



    %MEND MEANIT;


    * create dataset from main dataset and replicate weight file;
    DATA DAT(KEEP=NW IMPLIC WGT0-WGT999);
      MERGE xxx.main_ds(KEEP=Y1 X42001 ...) 
        xxx.rep_wgts(KEEP=Y1 MM1-MM999 WT1B1-WT1B999);
      BY Y1;

    * multiply replicate weights by the multiplicity;
      ARRAY MULT {*} MM1-MM999;
      ARRAY RWGT {*} WT1B1-WT1B999;
      ARRAY WGTS {*} WGT1-WGT999;
      DO I=1 TO DIM(MULT);
*       take max of multiplicity/weight: where cases not selected for
        a replicate, there are missing values in these variables;
        WGTS{I}=MAX(0,MULT{I})*MAX(0,RWGT{I});
      END;
      WGT0=X42001;

    * define implicate number of case;
      IMPLIC=Y1-10*YY1;

    * define net worth (for example);
      NW=.......;
    RUN;

    * run the macro;
    %MEANIT(DSN=DAT,VAR=NW);

Users who want to estimate more complex statistics, particularly
regressions, should be cautious in their treatment of the implicates.
Many regression packages will treat each of the five implicates as an
independent observation and correspondingly inflate the reported
significance of results.  Users who want to calculate regression
estimates, but who have no immediate use for proper significance
tests, could either average the dependent and independent values
across the implicates or multiply their standard errors by the square
root of five.  For an easily understandable discussion of multiple
imputation in the SCF from a user's point of view, see Catherine
Montalto and Jaimie Sung, "Multiple Imputation in the 1992 Survey of
Consumer Finances," Financial Counseling and Planning, Volume 7, 1996,
pages 133-146 (or on the Internet at 
http://hec.osu.edu/people/shanna/imput.htm).
That article also contains a set of simple SAS macros to use to
compute correct standard errors from multiply imputed data.  An
alternative that is useful for handling the output of general modeling
routines is the following set of SAS code:

    * MACRO MISECOMP computes standard errors corrected for multiple 
      imputation;
    * The input may be regression results, or any other results (e.g.,
      probits) that include a point estimate and a standard error estimate
      for each implicate;
    * The datasets are named &DSN.1-&DSN&NIMP (where &DSN and &NIMP are
      defined below);
    * The form of the input dataset is described above;
    * Often, it is quite easy to copy output directly from a statistical
      procedure into the form of this program without deleting extraneous
      information;
    * The required input variables are VARN (a name of the statistic of
      interest in all NIMP datasets), B1-B&NIMP (a working name for the
      point estimate of interest for each implicate--where the terminal
      number corresponds to the terminal number of the input dataset), and
      S1-S&NIMP (a working name for the standard error of the point
      estimate in each implicate--where the terminal number corresponds to
      the terminal number of the input dataset;
    * The parameters of the MACRO are:
      NIMP: number of implicates (default is 5)
      DSN: first part of name of each of the NIMP input datasets (e.g.,
      DSN11, DSN12,...,DSN15 could be results for implicates 1-5 for model
      1) (default is DSN1i, where "i" ranges from 1 to NIMP)
      PRNTPR: determines the number of digits of the output data (default
      is SAS format 10.6);
    * The output includes three lines for each unique VARN in the
      input datasets: the final point estimate, the final standard error,
      and the final t-statistic;
    
    **************************************************************************;

    * Steps to compute standard errors;
    * (1) run each model (regressions, probits, etc.) for each of the five
      implicates separately;
    * (2) copy the model outputs into program code as described above;
    /*
      For example,
      DATA DSNij;
        INPUT VARN $ Bi Si;
        CARDS;
        data here
        ;
      RUN;
      where "i" ranges over the number of distinct models treated, and "j"
      ranges over the number of implicates.
      NOTE: any technique that reads VARN, Bi and Si into the datasets will
      work.
    */
    * (3) call MISECOMP (MACRO defaults will work correctly for the SCF if
      the dataset names are DSN11, DSN12, DSN13, DSN14, DSN15);

    *************************************************************************;
    *************************************************************************;

    %MACRO MISECOMP(NIMP=5,DSN=DSN1,PRNTPR=10.6);
      DATA &DSN.1;
        SET &DSN.1;
        ORD=_N_;
      RUN;
      %DO I=1 %TO &NIMP;
        PROC SORT DATA=&DSN&I;
          BY VARN;
        RUN;
      %END;
      DATA ALL;
        MERGE
        %DO I=1 %TO &NIMP;
          &DSN&I
        %END;
        ;;
        BY VARN;
    
        ARRAY BMOD {*} %DO I=1 %TO &NIMP; B&I %END;;
        ARRAY SMOD {*} %DO I=1 %TO &NIMP; S&I %END;;
        BETA=0;
        SIGMA=0;
        ST=0;
        DO J=1 TO &NIMP;
          BETA=BMOD{J}+BETA;
          SIGMA=SMOD{J}**2+SIGMA;
        END;
        BETA=BETA/&NIMP;
        SIGMA=SIGMA/&NIMP;
        DO I=1 TO &NIMP;
          ST=ST+(BETA-BMOD{I})**2;
        END;
        SIGMA=SQRT(SIGMA+(1+1/5)*ST/(5-1));
        TSTAT=BETA/SIGMA;
      RUN;
      PROC SORT DATA=ALL;
        BY ORD;
      RUN;
      DATA ALL;
        SET ALL;
        PUT VARN @15 BETA &PRNTPR / @15 SIGMA &PRNTPR / @15 TSTAT &PRNTPR;
      RUN;
    %MEND MISECOMP;
    %MISECOMP;


SUMMARY VARIABLES
We have not made an effort to include summary variables (e.g., net
worth) in the dataset.  Although it is complicated to construct such
variables, it is our belief that a substantial amount of judgment is
involved in selecting which variables to include, and that other
analysts should make their own decisions.  However, as a convenience
to users, we have included on the SCF web site a program written in
the SAS language that was used to create the variables used in the 
January 2003 Federal Reserve Bulletin article on the survey and an 
Excel file containing the summary variables.


DISCLOSURE REVIEW
To protect the privacy of individual respondents, the data in this
release have been systematically altered by several means to
minimize the possibility of identifying any survey respondent.  For
some discrete variables, small or unusual cells were collapsed as
noted in the variable descriptions below.  Continuous variables were
rounded.  Data were also blurred by other unspecified means.  In
addition, a number of other cases were identified for more extensive
treatment.  Some of these cases were selected on the basis of extreme
or unusual data values.  Other cases were selected at random.  For
each of these cases, a selection of critical variables was set to
missing and statistically imputed subject to constraints designed to
ensure that any distortions induced in key population statistics would
be minimal.  The geographic identifiers here have been systematically
altered for a subset of respondents by swapping their locations with
those of otherwise similar respondents.  Where relevant, the codebook
provides more detailed information on cell collapsing and other
techniques.

It is important to note that aside from the cell collapsing, there is
no key in this codebook or in the dataset that would allow users to
identify directly either which data items have been smoothed or
otherwise altered, or which cases were selected for imputation of
critical values (that is, the shadow variables in this dataset may not
always reflect the true original status of every variable).  Although
this blurring of the data will have some effect on analysis, that
effect should be negligible in most cases.  For further details
on the procedures taken to protect the identity of respondents, see
"Disclosure Review and Its Implications for the 1992 Survey
of Consumer Finances" by Gerhard Fries, Barry Johnson, and R. Louise
Woodburn (1997 working paper, SCF group, Federal Reserve Board).
Users who feel that the restrictions imposed on the public dataset are
too constricting are encouraged to submit written proposals for
expanded data release, and those requests will be given serious
consideration in the release of data from future surveys.

Dollar variables have been rounded according to the following scheme:

DO I = 1 TO DIM($VARs);
 IF (0 < $_VAR < 5) THEN $_VAR=1;
 ELSE IF (5 <= $_VAR < 1000) THEN $_VAR=MAX(1,ROUND($_VAR,10));
 ELSE IF (1000 <= $_VAR < 10000) THEN $_VAR=ROUND($_VAR,100);
 ELSE IF (10000 <= $_VAR < 1000000) THEN $_VAR=ROUND($_VAR,1000);
 ELSE IF (1000000 <= $_VAR) THEN $_VAR=ROUND($_VAR,10000);
 ELSE IF (-1000 <= $_VAR < - 5) THEN $_VAR=ROUND($_VAR,10);
 ELSE IF (-10000 <= $_VAR < -1000) THEN $_VAR=ROUND($_VAR,100);
 ELSE IF (-1000000 < $_VAR < -10000) THEN $_VAR=ROUND($_VAR,1000);
 ELSE IF .Z < $_VAR <= -1000000 THEN $_VAR=-1000000;
END;

An important exception to this rounding rule is amounts that were
reported in an hourly frequency (e.g., X4112).  If the hourly amount
is greater than $25, then the above rounding rule applies.  Otherwise,
the amount is rounded to the nearest $.10.

CASE ID NUMBERS
Under the original numbering system (XX1), the sample design is
apparent from the identification numbers.  Thus, each case included in
the public version of the dataset has been given an identification
number (YY1), which is intended to mask the knowledge of which cases
were drawn from the SCF list sample.  It is not possible to know
with certainty from the information provided in the public version of
this dataset which cases derive from the list sample.  Because we
routinely use the original numbers internally, users who direct
questions to us about specific cases might want to be sure to
emphasize that they are using the external ID number to avoid
confusion.

DATA REVIEW
We have spent many hours searching for errors in the data.  Many
seeming inconsistencies are actually in the raw data and appear to have
no obvious reconciliation.  Other types of inconsistencies may have
been induced as a byproduct of imputation, even though elaborate
checks are built into the imputation routines.  We ask our colleagues
who use this dataset to help us find the remaining resolvable
inconsistencies.  Our presumption is always that the respondent
understood each question and reported accurately, and that the process
of transcription and coding did not distort that information.  In the
relatively small number of cases where other information led us beyond
a reasonable doubt of the validity of the data, we have changed data,
either by altering values directly or by setting them to missing and
imputing them; in all such cases, the shadow variables indicate that
we have overridden reported data.

CONTACT INFORMATION
It is likely that some users will have trouble understanding the 
organization of the data at first.  IF AFTER HAVING FRAMED A FOCUSED
QUESTION AND EXHAUSTED ALL OF YOUR LOCAL RESOURCES, YOUR PROBLEM
PERSISTS, you may call Gerhard Fries  at ((202) 452-2578 or e-mail
m1gxf00@frb.gov) or me ((202)-452-2247 or e-mail
m1abk00@frb.gov)).  ****We prefer correspondence via e-mail.****
While we would like to be helpful to you, please realize that we are
not set up to provide extensive services to users.  We hope that by
persistence, you will almost always be able to figure out what you
need by consulting the questionnaire and the codebook below.  We
should be your last resort.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
DISCUSSION OF RANGE DATA COLLECTION AND J-CODES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollar values in the 1995 SCF were collected in a way that
takes advantage of the power of CAPI (for a detailed description and
analysis see "Using Range Techniques with CAPI in the 1995 Survey of
Consumer Finances" by Arthur B. Kennickell (1996 working paper, SCF
group, Federal Reserve Board).  In the past, we had evidence that some
respondents volunteered figures in ranges.  Good interviewers have
always tried to get respondents to settle on a single "best" figure,
but sometimes it may be that there may be no firm figure (e.g., the
value of a privately-held business may be known only at the point it
is actually sold) and probing too far could cause the respondent to
answer "don't know".  The 1995 survey allowed for responses to be
reported in ranges volunteered by respondents.  There is another class
of respondent that may not volunteer a range, who do not know (or will
not give) an exact figure, but who will give some information about
the value.  To obtain information from this second group of people, we
have included in the CAPI program two options. First, a respondent who
is uncomfortable actually saying an amount may report a letter from a
card that specifies a number of ranges.  The range card has been used
very successfully in earlier waves of the SCF, but CAPI allows the
option to be presented consistently.  Second, a respondent who
declines the use of the range card is asked a series of questions in a
"decision tree" that are designed to specify a range.  In earlier
SCFs, the decision tree was used for people who did not know or
refused to report a figure for their total income, and in the current
Health and Retirement Survey such a procedure is used for many dollar
figures.  The evidence from both sources is very encouraging.  In the
1995 SCF, the decision tree breaks vary by question (so that, for
example, monthly rent is not subject to the same ranges as the value
of corporate stock).  The computer sequences used for range followup
for all dollar values in the 1995 survey (known as "DKDOL") are
outlined schematically in a section below.  It should be noted that
interviewers were strongly instructed that a single dollar value is
the best answer to each of these questions.  Although there is the
distinct possibility that respondents may become "trained" in the use
of the range questions during the course of the interview (the effect
of this training is unclear at present: respondents may tend to report
"too many" ranges because they know that they are allowed;
alternatively, respondents may learn that it is much quicker to give a
single dollar figure), interviewers should be using all of the
standard techniques to get respondents to give a single figure where
possible.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schematic diagram of sequence used for all dollar questions:

                 Qnn.  How much is your [******]?

level 1:  $________  $___RANGE              $______DK       $__Refuse
                                                |________________|
level 2:  Confirm    Range card                    Range card?
                     or dollar range?

                     RC      DR             YES       NO/DK    Refuse

level 3:  OUT        Letter  Upper bound    Letter    Decision
                             Lower bound              tree

level 4:             OUT     Confirm        OUT       Confirm  OUT

level 5:                     OUT                      OUT


(OUT=proceed to next question)

At the first level, the respondent has the option of providing a
dollar amount (as in the past, interviewers were strongly urged to
obtain a single dollar value where possible), volunteering a range,
answering "don't know," or refusing to answer.  Each of these
responses implies a different sequence of questions.  In the case of a
single dollar figure, the CAPI program displays in words the number
the interviewer has typed into the computer and proceeds to the next
question.  If the respondent volunteers a range, there is an option to
report either a range in dollars (and in some cases the upper or lower
bound of a range may be missing--e.g., as in the case where a
respondent answers "greater than a million dollars") or to give a
letter from a range card (the ranges are given below).  If the
respondent answers "don't know" or refuses to answer, the program will
present a request to use the range card.  If the respondent is unable
to use the range card (answers "no" or "don't know"), the program
presents a series of questions known as a "decision tree," which is
specified in greater detail below.  If the respondent refuses when
asked to use the range card, the program proceeds to the next
question.  The exact question text for this sequence is given below.

Because of software limitations, negative ranges presented a special
problem.  It was not feasible to build in negative ranges directly.
As a compromise, interviewers were instructed to collect the ranges in
absolute values and record in a comment box available in the program
the fact that the range was negative.

Text presented to interviewer at level 2 if R volunteers a range:

     CHOOSE: 

     ENTER LETTER FROM RANGE CARD
     ENTER LOW END AND HIGH END OF RANGE


Text presented to interviewer at level 3 if R volunteers a range and
chooses the range card at level 2:

     ENTER LETTER FROM RANGE CARD:

          Possible card responses shown on range card:

               A    ......    $1 - $100
               B    ......    $101 - $500
               C    ......    $501 - $750
               D    ......    $751 - $1,000
               E    ......    $1,001 - $2,500
               F    ......    $2,501 - $5,000
               G    ......    $5,001 - $7,500
               H    ......    $7,501 - $10,000
               I    ......    $10,001 - $25,000
               J    ......    $25,001 - $50,000
               K    ......    $50,001 - $75,000
               L    ......    $75,001 - $100,000
               M    ......    $100,001 - $250,000
               N    ......    $250,001 - $1 million
               O    ......    $1 million - $5 million
               P    ......    $5 million - $10 million
               Q    ......    $10 million - $25 million
               R    ......    $25 million - $50 million
               S    ......    $50 million - $100 million
               T    ......    More than $100 million


Text presented to interviewer at level 3 if R volunteers a range and
gives a dollar range at level 2:

     ENTER LOW END OF RANGE :  $___,___,___.00

     ENTER HIGH END OF RANGE : $___,___,___.00


Text presented to interviewer at level 2 if R answers DK/Ref at level 1:

     Can you give me a range from this card?  HAND R RANGE CARD.

     YES
     NO

Text presented to interviewer at level 3 if R answers DK/Ref at
level 1 and answers YES at level 2:

     ENTER LETTER FROM RANGE CARD:

          Possible card responses shown on range card:
               See above

Decision tree sequence presented to interviewer at level 3 if R
answers DK/Ref at level 1 and NO/DK at level 2:

     CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING 7 NUMBERS WHICH ARE STRICKLY INCREASING IN
     VALUE: V1, V2, V3, V4, V5, V6, AND V7.  RESPONDENTS ARE ASKED A
     SEQUENCE OF QUESTIONS TO FIND THE INTERVALS DEFINED BY THESE NUMBER A
     GIVEN VARIABLE FALLS.

     Q1.  Was it V4 dollars or more?

               YES --> GO TO Q2
               NO, DK --> GO TO Q5
               Ref --> EXIT

     Q2.  Was it V5 dollars or more?

               YES --> GO TO Q3
               NO, DK, Ref --> EXIT

     Q3.  Was it V6 dollars or more?

               YES --> GO TO Q4
               NO, DK, Ref --> EXIT

     Q4.  Was it V7 dollars or more?

               YES, NO, DK, Ref --> EXIT
     
     Q5.  Was it V1 dollars or more?

               YES --> GO TO Q6
               NO, DK, Ref --> EXIT

     Q6.  Was it V2 dollars or more?

               YES --> GO TO Q7
               NO, DK, Ref --> EXIT

     Q7.  Was it V3 dollars or more?

               YES, NO, DK, Ref --> EXIT


To allow for appropriate ranges for all dollar questions, there are
eight different versions of the V1 to V7 variables given below.

Version     V1     V2       V3       V4         V5         V6          V7
   1     10,000  100,000  250,000  500,000    1,000,000  5,000,000   10,000,000
   2     50,000  100,000  500,000  1,000,000  5,000,000  10,000,000  25,000,000
   3     50,000  100,000  150,000  250,000    500,000    1,000,000   5,000,000 
   4     5,000   25,000   50,000   100,000    250,000    500,000     1,000,000 
   5     5,000   10,000   25,000   50,000     100,000    250,000     750,000  
   6     500     1,000    5,000    10,000     25,000     75,000      250,000  
   7     100     250      500      1,000      2,000      10,000      50,000   
   8     50      100      250      500        1,000      5,000       10,000   

There are 31 possible unique outcomes of each version of each of the 8
versions of the decision tree:

1. Q1=NO, Q5=NO
2. Q1=NO, Q5=DK
3. Q1=NO, Q5=Ref
4. Q1=NO, Q5=YES, Q6=NO
5. Q1=NO, Q5=YES, Q6=DK
6. Q1=NO, Q5=YES, Q6=Ref
7. Q1=NO, Q5=YES, Q6=YES, Q7=NO
8. Q1=NO, Q5=YES, Q6=YES, Q7=DK
9. Q1=NO, Q5=YES, Q6=YES, Q7=Ref
10. Q1=NO, Q5=YES, Q6=YES, Q7=YES
11. Q1=DK, Q5=NO
12. Q1=DK, Q5=DK ---> NOTE: RESULTS IN NO BOUNDING INFORMATION
13. Q1=DK, Q5=Ref ---> NOTE: RESULTS IN NO BOUNDING INFORMATION
14. Q1=DK, Q5=YES, Q6=NO
15. Q1=DK, Q5=YES, Q6=DK
16. Q1=DK, Q5=YES, Q6=Ref
17. Q1=DK, Q5=YES, Q6=YES, Q7=NO
18. Q1=DK, Q5=YES, Q6=YES, Q7=DK
19. Q1=DK, Q5=YES, Q6=YES, Q7=Ref
20. Q1=DK, Q5=YES, Q6=YES, Q7=YES
21. Q1=Ref ---> NOTE: RESULTS IN NO BOUNDING INFORMATION
22. Q1=YES, Q2=NO
23. Q1=YES, Q2=DK
24. Q1=YES, Q2=Ref
25. Q1=YES, Q2=YES, Q3=NO
26. Q1=YES, Q2=YES, Q3=DK
27. Q1=YES, Q2=YES, Q3=Ref
28. Q1=YES, Q2=YES, Q3=YES, Q4=NO
29. Q1=YES, Q2=YES, Q3=YES, Q4=DK
20. Q1=YES, Q2=YES, Q3=YES, Q4=Ref
31. Q1=YES, Q2=YES, Q3=YES, Q4=YES


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Definitions of the "J" Variables (1995 version)


0  = value reported on original tape (possibly altered during NORC
     editing).

1  = question is inapplicable for R (e.g., R has no checking account
     so value of checking account is coded as zero -- NOTE: there are
     no zeros in the dataset other than such values).

2  = data moved from another location (not including re-arranging
     columns in a grid); data moved from another location and added to
     data already at new location (e.g., wage income from spouse
     reported in independent adult part of section Y added to data
     reported for R in Section T).

3  = data provided for a question with a branch structure, but not
     known which branch data should be in (e.g., AGI given, but filing
     status unknown, R has mutual funds but answers NO to all types).

4  = data change (to non-missing value) at FRB based on comments/verbatims.
     Also includes editing changes specified by NORC that were not
     possible to implement in their data handling system.

5  = indicates a value coded from a verbatim ("other/specify") response.
6  = data moved/changed as result of coded verbatim ("other/specify")
     response.

8  = recode of survey variables, no missing values in antecedents.
     For sequences of variables, such as the determination of whether
     a dollar value or a percent is reported at Xhead-var/X4206/X4207,
     one variable determines which type of variable is reported
     (dollar/percent) subsequently; in some cases, the CAPI program
     skips to the dollar value question and will puruse the DKDOL
     sequence if necessary; if a dollar value (or range) is reported
     in this way, the J-code of the initial choice variable is set to
     the value '8.'

9  = recode of survey variables, insufficient data collected to
     compute value, not imputed.

10 = part of reported value reported elsewhere and edited out here
     (e.g., wage income of NPEU member also reported at X5701 along
     with income of PEU resulting in J5702=10) or entire reported
     value reported elsewhere and edited out here (e.g., all of wage
     income of NPEU member reported at X5701 resulting in X5701=5,
     J5701=10, X5702=0 and J5702=14).

12 = in case of regular installment loans where term is DK, non-missing
     typical payment moved to monthly payment section.
 
13 = coded value overridden by another value after editing completed
14 = inap given hard-code decision (12, 13, 15, or 16)
15 = hard-coded imputation determined during cleaning.
16 = other reassignment resulting from cleaning that overrides
     reported data (e.g., the cleaning of the institutions grid in
     Section A).
17 = value of originally missing data item implied by other variable(s).

18 = value originally inap as consequence of CAPI logic, new value
     inferred from other values.

19 = value changed, but logical content not altered (e.g., institution
     reported for an account, but no link to institutions grid.
     Account variable changed to pointer to an added institution of
     type indicated by original account question).

25 = correction of NORC edit error or to a non-missing/non-inapplicable value.

ALL RESPONSES THAT FOLLOW HAVE AT LEAST SOME MISSING INFORMATION

90 = Bounding information available based on summary information
     provided by respondent (typically, if a R does not know
     information about items beyond a certain number in a set of
     detailed questions about a larger number of such items, the R is
     asked one or a number of summary questions about all remaining
     instances).
91 = Same as 90, but R gave range data for the summary information.


RANGE RESPONSES:

POSITIVE RANGES

DECISION TREE RESPONSES THAT RESULTED IN A BOUND FOR POSITIVE NUMBERS

(NOTE: for decision tree codes, responses that resulted in no usable
bounding information are collected separately below)
'*' indicates an open-ended interval

NOTE: for J-code outcomes from 101-878, 921-940, and 971-990, .5 is
added to the J-code if the original response was DK

101=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 1 (*,<=V1)
102=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 2 (*,<=V4)
103=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 3 (*,<=V4)
104=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 4 (>V1,<=V2
105=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 5 (>V1,<=V4)
106=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 6 (>V1,<=V4)
107=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 7 (>V2,<=V3)
108=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 8 (>V2,<=V4)
109=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 9 (>V2,<=V4)
110=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 10 (>V3,<=V4)
111=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 11 (*,<=V1)
112=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 14 (V1,V2)
113=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 15 (>V1,*)
114=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 16 (>V1,*)
115=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 17 (>V2,<=V3)
116=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 18 (>V2,*)
117=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 19 (>V2,*)
118=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 20 (>V3,*)
119=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 22 (>V4,<=V5)
120=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 23 (>V4,*)
121=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 24 (>V4,*)
122=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 25 (>V5,<=V6)
123=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 26 (>V5,*)
124=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 27 (>V5,*)
125=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 28 (>V6,<=V7)
126=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 29 (>V6,*)
127=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 30 (>V6,*)
128=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 31 (>V7,*)     

201=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 1  (*,<=V1)     
202=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 2  (*,<=V4)     
203=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 3  (*,<=V4)     
204=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 4  (>V1,<=V2    
205=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 5  (>V1,<=V4)   
206=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 6  (>V1,<=V4)   
207=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 7  (>V2,<=V3)   
208=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 8  (>V2,<=V4)   
209=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 9  (>V2,<=V4)
210=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 10 (>V3,<=V4)
211=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 11 (*,<=V1)  
212=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 14 (V1,V2)   
213=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 15 (>V1,*)   
214=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 16 (>V1,*)   
215=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 17 (>V2,<=V3)
216=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 18 (>V2,*)   
217=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 19 (>V2,*)   
218=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 20 (>V3,*)   
219=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 22 (>V4,<=V5)
220=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 23 (>V4,*)   
221=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 24 (>V4,*)   
222=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 25 (>V5,<=V6)
223=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 26 (>V5,*)   
224=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 27 (>V5,*)   
225=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 28 (>V6,<=V7)
226=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 29 (>V6,*)   
227=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 30 (>V6,*)   
228=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 31 (>V7,*)   

301=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 1  (*,<=V1)     
302=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 2  (*,<=V4)     
303=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 3  (*,<=V4)     
304=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 4  (>V1,<=V2    
305=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 5  (>V1,<=V4)   
306=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 6  (>V1,<=V4)   
307=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 7  (>V2,<=V3)   
308=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 8  (>V2,<=V4)   
309=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 9  (>V2,<=V4)   
310=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 10 (>V3,<=V4)  
311=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 11 (*,<=V1)    
312=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 14 (V1,V2)     
313=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 15 (>V1,*)     
314=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 16 (>V1,*)     
315=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 17 (>V2,<=V3)  
316=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 18 (>V2,*)     
317=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 19 (>V2,*)     
318=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 20 (>V3,*)     
319=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 22 (>V4,<=V5)  
320=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 23 (>V4,*)     
321=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 24 (>V4,*)     
322=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 25 (>V5,<=V6)  
323=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 26 (>V5,*)     
324=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 27 (>V5,*)     
325=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 28 (>V6,<=V7)  
326=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 29 (>V6,*)     
327=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 30 (>V6,*)     
328=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 31 (>V7,*)     

401=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 1  (*,<=V1)     
402=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 2  (*,<=V4)     
403=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 3  (*,<=V4)     
404=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 4  (>V1,<=V2    
405=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 5  (>V1,<=V4)   
406=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 6  (>V1,<=V4)   
407=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 7  (>V2,<=V3)   
408=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 8  (>V2,<=V4)   
409=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 9  (>V2,<=V4)   
410=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 10 (>V3,<=V4)  
411=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 11 (*,<=V1)    
412=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 14 (V1,V2)     
413=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 15 (>V1,*)     
414=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 16 (>V1,*)     
415=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 17 (>V2,<=V3)  
416=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 18 (>V2,*)     
417=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 19 (>V2,*)     
418=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 20 (>V3,*)     
419=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 22 (>V4,<=V5)  
420=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 23 (>V4,*)     
421=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 24 (>V4,*)     
422=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 25 (>V5,<=V6)  
423=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 26 (>V5,*)     
424=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 27 (>V5,*)     
425=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 28 (>V6,<=V7)  
426=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 29 (>V6,*)     
427=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 30 (>V6,*)     
428=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 31 (>V7,*)     

501=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 1  (*,<=V1)     
502=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 2  (*,<=V4)     
503=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 3  (*,<=V4)     
504=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 4  (>V1,<=V2    
505=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 5  (>V1,<=V4)   
506=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 6  (>V1,<=V4)   
507=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 7  (>V2,<=V3)   
508=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 8  (>V2,<=V4)   
509=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 9  (>V2,<=V4)   
510=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 10 (>V3,<=V4)  
511=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 11 (*,<=V1)    
512=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 14 (V1,V2)     
513=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 15 (>V1,*)     
514=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 16 (>V1,*)     
515=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 17 (>V2,<=V3)  
516=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 18 (>V2,*)     
517=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 19 (>V2,*)     
518=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 20 (>V3,*)     
519=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 22 (>V4,<=V5)  
520=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 23 (>V4,*)     
521=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 24 (>V4,*)     
522=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 25 (>V5,<=V6)  
523=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 26 (>V5,*)     
524=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 27 (>V5,*)     
525=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 28 (>V6,<=V7)  
526=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 29 (>V6,*)     
527=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 30 (>V6,*)     
528=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 31 (>V7,*)     

601=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 1  (*,<=V1)     
602=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 2  (*,<=V4)     
603=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 3  (*,<=V4)     
604=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 4  (>V1,<=V2    
605=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 5  (>V1,<=V4)   
606=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 6  (>V1,<=V4)   
607=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 7  (>V2,<=V3)   
608=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 8  (>V2,<=V4)   
609=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 9  (>V2,<=V4)   
610=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 10 (>V3,<=V4)  
611=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 11 (*,<=V1)    
612=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 14 (V1,V2)     
613=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 15 (>V1,*)     
614=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 16 (>V1,*)     
615=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 17 (>V2,<=V3)  
616=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 18 (>V2,*)     
617=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 19 (>V2,*)     
618=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 20 (>V3,*)     
619=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 22 (>V4,<=V5)  
620=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 23 (>V4,*)     
621=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 24 (>V4,*)     
622=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 25 (>V5,<=V6)  
623=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 26 (>V5,*)     
624=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 27 (>V5,*)     
625=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 28 (>V6,<=V7)  
626=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 29 (>V6,*)     
627=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 30 (>V6,*)     
628=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 31 (>V7,*)     

701=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 1  (*,<=V1)
702=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 2  (*,<=V4)     
703=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 3  (*,<=V4)     
704=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 4  (>V1,<=V2    
705=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 5  (>V1,<=V4)   
706=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 6  (>V1,<=V4)   
707=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 7  (>V2,<=V3)   
708=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 8  (>V2,<=V4)   
709=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 9  (>V2,<=V4)   
710=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 10 (>V3,<=V4)  
711=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 11 (*,<=V1)    
712=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 14 (V1,V2)     
713=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 15 (>V1,*)     
714=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 16 (>V1,*)     
715=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 17 (>V2,<=V3)  
716=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 18 (>V2,*)     
717=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 19 (>V2,*)     
718=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 20 (>V3,*)     
719=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 22 (>V4,<=V5)  
720=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 23 (>V4,*)     
721=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 24 (>V4,*)     
722=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 25 (>V5,<=V6)  
723=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 26 (>V5,*)     
724=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 27 (>V5,*)     
725=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 28 (>V6,<=V7)  
726=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 29 (>V6,*)     
727=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 30 (>V6,*)     
728=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 31 (>V7,*)     

801=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 1  (*,<=V1)     
802=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 2  (*,<=V4)     
803=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 3  (*,<=V4)     
804=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 4  (>V1,<=V2    
805=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 5  (>V1,<=V4)   
806=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 6  (>V1,<=V4)   
807=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 7  (>V2,<=V3)   
808=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 8  (>V2,<=V4)   
809=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 9  (>V2,<=V4)   
810=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 10 (>V3,<=V4)  
811=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 11 (*,<=V1)    
812=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 14 (V1,V2)     
813=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 15 (>V1,*)     
814=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 16 (>V1,*)     
815=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 17 (>V2,<=V3)  
816=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 18 (>V2,*)     
817=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 19 (>V2,*)     
818=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 20 (>V3,*)     
819=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 22 (>V4,<=V5)  
820=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 23 (>V4,*)     
821=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 24 (>V4,*)     
822=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 25 (>V5,<=V6)  
823=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 26 (>V5,*)     
824=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 27 (>V5,*)     
825=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 28 (>V6,<=V7)  
826=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 29 (>V6,*)     
827=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 30 (>V6,*)     
828=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 31 (>V7,*)

RANGE CARD RESPONSES FOR POSITIVE NUMBERS

901=Range card response via [F9]: range A.  $1 to $100                
902=Range card response via [F9]: range B.  $101 to $500              
903=Range card response via [F9]: range C.  $501 to $750              
904=Range card response via [F9]: range D.  $751 to $1,000            
905=Range card response via [F9]: range E.  $1,001 to $2,500          
906=Range card response via [F9]: range F.  $2,501 to $5,000          
907=Range card response via [F9]: range G.  $5,001 to $7,500          
908=Range card response via [F9]: range H.  $7,501 to $10,000         
909=Range card response via [F9]: range I.  $10,001 to $25,000        
910=Range card response via [F9]: range J.  $25,001 to $50,000        
911=Range card response via [F9]: range K.  $50,001 to $75,000        
912=Range card response via [F9]: range L.  $75,001 to $100,000       
913=Range card response via [F9]: range M.  $100,001 to $250,000      
914=Range card response via [F9]: range N.  $250,001 to $1,000,000    
915=Range card response via [F9]: range O.  $1,000,001 to $5,000,000  
916=Range card response via [F9]: range P.  $5,000,001 to $10,000,000 
917=Range card response via [F9]: range Q.  $10,000,001 to $25,000,000
918=Range card response via [F9]: range R.  $25,000,001 to $50,000,000
919=Range card response via [F9]: range S.  $50,000,001 to $100,000,000
920=Range card response via [F9]: range T.  More than $100,000,000

921=Range card response via DKDOL: range A.  $1 to $100
922=Range card response via DKDOL: range B.  $101 to $500
923=Range card response via DKDOL: range C.  $501 to $750
924=Range card response via DKDOL: range D.  $751 to $1,000
925=Range card response via DKDOL: range E.  $1,001 to $2,500
926=Range card response via DKDOL: range F.  $2,501 to $5,000
927=Range card response via DKDOL: range G.  $5,001 to $7,500
928=Range card response via DKDOL: range H.  $7,501 to $10,000
929=Range card response via DKDOL: range I.  $10,001 to $25,000
930=Range card response via DKDOL: range J.  $25,001 to $50,000
931=Range card response via DKDOL: range K.  $50,001 to $75,000
932=Range card response via DKDOL: range L.  $75,001 to $100,000
933=Range card response via DKDOL: range M.  $100,001 to $250,000
934=Range card response via DKDOL: range N.  $250,001 to $1,000,000
935=Range card response via DKDOL: range O.  $1,000,001 to $5,000,000
936=Range card response via DKDOL: range P.  $5,000,001 to $10,000,000
937=Range card response via DKDOL: range Q.  $10,000,001 to $25,000,000
938=Range card response via DKDOL: range R.  $25,000,001 to $50,000,000
939=Range card response via DKDOL: range S.  $50,000,001 to $100,000,000
940=Range card response via DKDOL: range T.  More than $100,000,000


RESPONDENT-PROVIDED DOLLAR RANGE FOR POSITIVE NUMBERS

941=Upper and lower bounds given
942=Upper bound given, lower bound missing
943=Lower bound given, upper bound missing


INTERVIEW COMMENT INDICATES THAT RANGES ARE NEGATIVE

DECISION TREE RESPONSES THAT RESULTED IN A BOUND FOR NEGATIVE NUMBERS

(NOTE: for decision tree codes, responses that resulted in no usable
bounding information are collected separately below)
151=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 1 (negative value)
152=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 2 (negative value)
153=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 3 (negative value)
154=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 4 (negative value)
155=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 5 (negative value)
156=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 6 (negative value)
157=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 7 (negative value)
158=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 8 (negative value)
159=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 9 (negative value)
160=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 10 (negative value)
161=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 11 (negative value)
162=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 14 (negative value)
163=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 15 (negative value)
164=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 16 (negative value)
165=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 17 (negative value)
166=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 18 (negative value)
167=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 19 (negative value)
168=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 20 (negative value)
169=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 22 (negative value)
170=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 23 (negative value)
171=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 24 (negative value)
172=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 25 (negative value)
173=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 26 (negative value)
174=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 27 (negative value)
175=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 28 (negative value)
176=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 29 (negative value)
177=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 30 (negative value)
178=Decision tree response, version 1: outcome 31 (negative value)

251=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 1 (negative value)
252=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 2 (negative value)
253=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 3 (negative value)
254=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 4 (negative value)
255=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 5 (negative value)
256=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 6 (negative value)
257=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 7 (negative value)
258=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 8 (negative value)
259=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 9 (negative value)
260=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 10 (negative value)
261=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 11 (negative value)
262=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 14 (negative value)
263=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 15 (negative value)
264=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 16 (negative value)
265=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 17 (negative value)
266=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 18 (negative value)
267=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 19 (negative value)
268=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 20 (negative value)
269=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 22 (negative value)
270=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 23 (negative value)
271=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 24 (negative value)
272=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 25 (negative value)
273=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 26 (negative value)
274=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 27 (negative value)
275=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 28 (negative value)
276=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 29 (negative value)
277=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 30 (negative value)
278=Decision tree response, version 2: outcome 31 (negative value)

351=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 1 (negative value)
352=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 2 (negative value)
353=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 3 (negative value)
354=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 4 (negative value)
355=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 5 (negative value)
356=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 6 (negative value)
357=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 7 (negative value)
358=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 8 (negative value)
359=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 9 (negative value)
360=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 10 (negative value)
361=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 11 (negative value)
362=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 14 (negative value)
363=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 15 (negative value)
364=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 16 (negative value)
365=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 17 (negative value)
366=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 18 (negative value)
367=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 19 (negative value)
368=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 20 (negative value)
369=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 22 (negative value)
370=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 23 (negative value)
371=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 24 (negative value)
372=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 25 (negative value)
373=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 26 (negative value)
374=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 27 (negative value)
375=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 28 (negative value)
376=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 29 (negative value)
377=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 30 (negative value)
378=Decision tree response, version 3: outcome 31 (negative value)

451=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 1 (negative value)
452=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 2 (negative value)
453=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 3 (negative value)
454=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 4 (negative value)
455=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 5 (negative value)
456=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 6 (negative value)
457=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 7 (negative value)
458=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 8 (negative value)
459=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 9 (negative value)
460=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 10 (negative value)
461=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 11 (negative value)
462=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 14 (negative value)
463=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 15 (negative value)
464=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 16 (negative value)
465=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 17 (negative value)
466=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 18 (negative value)
467=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 19 (negative value)
468=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 20 (negative value)
469=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 22 (negative value)
470=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 23 (negative value)
471=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 24 (negative value)
472=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 25 (negative value)
473=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 26 (negative value)
474=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 27 (negative value)
475=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 28 (negative value)
476=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 29 (negative value)
477=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 30 (negative value)
478=Decision tree response, version 4: outcome 31 (negative value)

551=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 1 (negative value)
552=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 2 (negative value)
553=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 3 (negative value)
554=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 4 (negative value)
555=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 5 (negative value)
556=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 6 (negative value)
557=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 7 (negative value)
558=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 8 (negative value)
559=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 9 (negative value)
560=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 10 (negative value)
561=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 11 (negative value)
562=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 14 (negative value)
563=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 15 (negative value)
564=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 16 (negative value)
565=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 17 (negative value)
566=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 18 (negative value)
567=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 19 (negative value)
568=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 20 (negative value)
569=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 22 (negative value)
570=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 23 (negative value)
571=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 24 (negative value)
572=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 25 (negative value)
573=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 26 (negative value)
574=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 27 (negative value)
575=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 28 (negative value)
576=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 29 (negative value)
577=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 30 (negative value)
578=Decision tree response, version 5: outcome 31 (negative value)

651=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 1 (negative value)
652=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 2 (negative value)
653=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 3 (negative value)
654=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 4 (negative value)
655=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 5 (negative value)
656=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 6 (negative value)
657=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 7 (negative value)
658=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 8 (negative value)
659=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 9 (negative value)
660=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 10 (negative value)
661=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 11 (negative value)
662=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 14 (negative value)
663=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 15 (negative value)
664=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 16 (negative value)
665=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 17 (negative value)
666=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 18 (negative value)
667=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 19 (negative value)
668=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 20 (negative value)
669=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 22 (negative value)
670=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 23 (negative value)
671=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 24 (negative value)
672=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 25 (negative value)
673=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 26 (negative value)
674=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 27 (negative value)
675=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 28 (negative value)
676=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 29 (negative value)
677=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 30 (negative value)
678=Decision tree response, version 6: outcome 31 (negative value)

751=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 1 (negative value)
752=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 2 (negative value)
753=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 3 (negative value)
754=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 4 (negative value)
755=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 5 (negative value)
756=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 6 (negative value)
757=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 7 (negative value)
758=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 8 (negative value)
759=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 9 (negative value)
760=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 10 (negative value)
761=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 11 (negative value)
762=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 14 (negative value)
763=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 15 (negative value)
764=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 16 (negative value)
765=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 17 (negative value)
766=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 18 (negative value)
767=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 19 (negative value)
768=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 20 (negative value)
769=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 22 (negative value)
770=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 23 (negative value)
771=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 24 (negative value)
772=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 25 (negative value)
773=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 26 (negative value)
774=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 27 (negative value)
775=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 28 (negative value)
776=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 29 (negative value)
777=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 30 (negative value)
778=Decision tree response, version 7: outcome 31 (negative value)

851=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 1 (negative value)
852=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 2 (negative value)
853=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 3 (negative value)
854=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 4 (negative value)
855=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 5 (negative value)
856=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 6 (negative value)
857=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 7 (negative value)
858=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 8 (negative value)
859=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 9 (negative value)
860=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 10 (negative value)
861=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 11 (negative value)
862=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 14 (negative value)
863=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 15 (negative value)
864=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 16 (negative value)
865=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 17 (negative value)
866=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 18 (negative value)
867=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 19 (negative value)
868=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 20 (negative value)
869=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 22 (negative value)
870=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 23 (negative value)
871=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 24 (negative value)
872=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 25 (negative value)
873=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 26 (negative value)
874=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 27 (negative value)
875=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 28 (negative value)
876=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 29 (negative value)
877=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 30 (negative value)
878=Decision tree response, version 8: outcome 31 (negative value)

RANGE CARD RESPONSES FOR NEGATIVE NUMBERS

951=Range card response via [F9]: range A.  -$1 to -$100
952=Range card response via [F9]: range B.  -$101 to -$500
953=Range card response via [F9]: range C.  -$501 to -$750              
954=Range card response via [F9]: range D.  -$751 to -$1,000            
955=Range card response via [F9]: range E.  -$1,001 to -$2,500          
956=Range card response via [F9]: range F.  -$2,501 to -$5,000          
957=Range card response via [F9]: range G.  -$5,001 to -$7,500          
958=Range card response via [F9]: range H.  -$7,501 to -$10,000         
959=Range card response via [F9]: range I.  -$10,001 to -$25,000        
960=Range card response via [F9]: range J.  -$25,001 to -$50,000        
961=Range card response via [F9]: range K.  -$50,001 to -$75,000        
962=Range card response via [F9]: range L.  -$75,001 to -$100,000       
963=Range card response via [F9]: range M.  -$100,001 to -$250,000      
964=Range card response via [F9]: range N.  -$250,001 to -$1,000,000    
965=Range card response via [F9]: range O.  -$1,000,001 to -$5,000,000  
966=Range card response via [F9]: range P.  -$5,000,001 to -$10,000,000 
967=Range card response via [F9]: range Q.  -$10,000,001 to -$25,000,000
968=Range card response via [F9]: range R.  -$25,000,001 to -$50,000,000
969=Range card response via [F9]: range S.  -$50,000,001 to -$100,000,000
970=Range card response via [F9]: range T.  Less than -$100,000,000

971=Range card response via DKDOL: range A.  -$1 to -$100
972=Range card response via DKDOL: range B.  -$101 to -$500
973=Range card response via DKDOL: range C.  -$501 to -$750
974=Range card response via DKDOL: range D.  -$751 to -$1,000
975=Range card response via DKDOL: range E.  -$1,001 to -$2,500
976=Range card response via DKDOL: range F.  -$2,501 to -$5,000
977=Range card response via DKDOL: range G.  -$5,001 to -$7,500
978=Range card response via DKDOL: range H.  -$7,501 to -$10,000
979=Range card response via DKDOL: range I.  -$10,001 to -$25,000
980=Range card response via DKDOL: range J.  -$25,001 to -$50,000
981=Range card response via DKDOL: range K.  -$50,001 to -$75,000
982=Range card response via DKDOL: range L.  -$75,001 to -$100,000
983=Range card response via DKDOL: range M.  -$100,001 to -$250,000
984=Range card response via DKDOL: range N.  -$250,001 to -$1,000,000
985=Range card response via DKDOL: range O.  -$1,000,001 to -$5,000,000
986=Range card response via DKDOL: range P.  -$5,000,001 to -$10,000,000
987=Range card response via DKDOL: range Q.  -$10,000,001 to -$25,000,000
988=Range card response via DKDOL: range R.  -$25,000,001 to -$50,000,000
989=Range card response via DKDOL: range S.  -$50,000,001 to -$100,000,000
990=Range card response via DKDOL: range T.  Less than -$100,000,000


RESPONDENT-PROVIDED DOLLAR RANGE FOR NEGATIVE NUMBERS

991=Upper and lower bounds given (negative amount)
992=Upper bound given, lower bound missing (negative amount)
993=Lower bound given, upper bound missing (negative amount)


OTHER RANGE RESPONSES THAT YIELDED NO NUMERICAL BOUNDING INFORMATION:
ALL VARIABLES WITH J-CODE VALUES BELOW THIS POINT INITIALLY CONTAIN
MISSING VALUE CODES AND ALL VARIABLES WITH J-CODE VALUES ABOVE THIS
POINT INITIALLY CONTAIN A RANGE MID-POINT OR OTHER SUCH VALUE

INTERVIEWER COMMENT INDICATING NEGATIVE NUMBER

994=Decision tree response, any version: outcome 21 (negative amount)
995=Decision tree response, any version: outcome 12 (negative amount)
996=Decision tree response, any version: outcome 13 (negative amount)

997=R reached range card field by agreeing to give a range at a
    dollar field, volunteered to give a letter from the range card, and
    subsequently responded DK/Refuse letter from the range card
    (negative amount)
998=R answered DK/Refused to a dollar question, volunteered to give a
    letter from the range card, and subsequently responded DK/Refuse
    letter from the range card (negative amount)

999=R reached a field allowing both an upper bound and a lower bound
    for a dollar amount by volunteering to give a range, but
    subsequently responded DK/Ref to both upper and lower bound
    (negative amount)

1000=R answered DK to main $ question, and refused following
     question requesting a range from the range card (negative amount)
1001=R answered Ref to main $ question, and refused following
     question requesting a range from the range card (negative amount)

NO INDICATION OF NEGATIVE NUMBER


1094=Decision tree response, any version: outcome 21
1095=Decision tree response, any version: outcome 12
1096=Decision tree response, any version: outcome 13

1097=R reached range card field by agreeing to give a range at a
    dollar field, volunteered to give a letter from the range card, and
    subsequently responded DK/Refuse letter from the range card
1098=R answered DK/Refused to a dollar question, volunteered to give a
    letter from the range card, and subsequently responded DK/Refuse
    letter from the range card

1099=R reached a field allowing both an upper bound and a lower bound
    for a dollar amount by volunteering to give a range, but
    subsequently responded DK/Ref to both upper and lower bound


1100=R answered DK to main $ question, and refused following
     question requesting a range from the range card
1101=R answered Ref to main $ question, and refused following
     question requesting a range from the range card

OTHER CODES FOR MISSING DATA

2050 = original response was DK.
2051 = original response was NA (includes interviewer errors,
     and missing data resulting from editing decisions).  Does not
     include data missing as a result of missing higher-order questions.
2052 = original response missing as a result of missing information for
     a higher-order question (typically a YES/NO cut question).  In
     this case, the higher-order question has been imputed in such
     a way as to render the response appropriate.  Also includes some
     other miscellaneous cases: (1) if a dollar variable was missing
     and DKDOL returned a DK/REF, the corresponding frequency is given
     a missing value code equal to that of the dollar field; (2)
     similarly, for clusters of variables containing a dollar amount
     and percent options.
2053 = refused
2054 = some, DK how many (see B6).

2060 = unresolved data problem (none should remain in final dataset).

2079 = data missing because of questionnaire error, or data not collected.
2080 = recode variable, missing because data not collected for
       sub-group, data to be imputed.
2081 = recode variable, some, but not all components originally missing.
2082 = recode variable, all components originally missing.

2097 = override of reported information with (at least partially)
       imputed data
2098 = override of reported/inap./other information with a missing value.

2099 = used for absent spouse for J104 or J105 when X104 or X105 < 0.

3000 = data missing because R broke off the interview (each of these
       cases reviewed to be sure that sufficient information is
       reported that the case can count as a "partial accepted as
       complete")

3001 = program, reporting or recording error.

3002 = temporary value given to variables containing illegal values.
       These will all be resolved in editing and converted to other
       existing codes.  (includes "range U")

3003 = illegal zeroes

3004 = uninformative/irrelevant verbatim response

3005 = data not available (applies to data from HEF)


General instructions for J variable coding for recoded variables:
  When a recoded variable is taken directly from another single
    X-variable, it should have the same J-variable code.
  When a recoded variable may come from a single variable in the
    original X-variables, or as the result of a calculation based on
    some number of X-variables, it is important to distinguish the
    information content in the J-variables.  As noted above, when the
    value is taken directly, the J-variable should have exactly the
    same value as that for the X-variable's shadow J-variable.
    However, when some calculation is involved, this should be
    reflected in the J-variable -- codes 8, 2081, and 2082.
  When a recode cannot be computed because some part of the underlying
    information was not collected for some subset of cases, the
    recode's J-variable should be coded 9 or 2080.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
GRIDS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some sets of questions have a natural iterative pattern.  For example,
the survey asks for detailed information on up to the first six
checking accounts owned by the PEU, and summary information is
collected about all remaining accounts.  The detailed questions are
the same for each account.  In past interviews done with paper and
pencil, some respondents have resisted answering all the detailed
questions and have been willing to provide only summary information.
Typically, interviewers recorded the summary information in the
margins of the questionniare, and editors allocated the data to the
skipped questions according to a set of fixed rules.  To allow for
a variety of respondent-interviewer interactions in the SCF CAPI
program, the grid questions were organized to provide a way of
collecting summary information in a systematic way.  We refer to the
associated summary variables as "mop-up variables."  Past surveys also
indicated that some respondents recalled additional instances of
items once they began answering questions in a grid, but interviewers
often did not revise the originally reported number.  The CAPI
procedures were set up to allow for this possibility as well.

Consider first a respondent who gives a non-missing response to the
question that asks for the number of items of the type to be queried
in the grid.  The interviewer would ask the respondent the first set
of detailed questions on the item.  Then, the interviewer would be
confronted with a question (not to be read to the respondent);

INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ANOTHER xxxx?

The intention of this question was to allow the interviewer to deal
with a potentially hostile respondent and immediately branch to the
mop-up questions.  If the respondent was cooperative, the interviewer
entered a YES response and continued through an identical procedure for
each iteration until either the number of items reported was
exhausted, or the maximum number of detailed questions was asked and
the mop-up question was asked to get summary information on all
remaining items.  If the respondent reported a number of items less
than the maximum number about which the detailed questions are asked,
the following question was asked at the end of the final iteration:

Do you (or your family living here) have another xxxx?

A YES response here indicates that the respondent recalled an
additional instance in the process of answering the detailed
questions.  A respondent could continue to "add" iterations until the
maximum number of iterations is reached and the mop-up questions are
asked.

Another possibility is that a respondent may either not know or be
unwilling to tell the number of instances of an item.  Because it is
known that there is at least one such instance, the first set of
detailed questions is asked.  Then the respondent is asked:

Do you (or your family living here) have another xxxx?

The questioning then proceedes exactly as it would for a respondent
who recalled additional instances.

In processing the data, several steps were taken.  Sometimes,
interviewers sensed an unwillingness to answer additional questions
even though only one more instance remained.  In such cases, the
mop-up data were mapped into the grid.  The fact of this movement is
not directly recorded in the J-variables for such cases, though the
movement can be deduced from the patterns of J-variables of other
questions within an iteration that do not have mop-up equivalents.
When respondents added instances, the originally reported number was
updated and stored in the customary SCF variable number.  The
originally reported number of instances has been retained in the
dataset since such information cannot be recovered in any other way
from the data made available.  When summary information was given by
respondents who broke off their responses in a grid prematurely, that
information was used to bound the imputations of the detailed data.
Data items that have an associated J-variable with a value of 90 are
ones where a complete response was given in the parallel mop-up
variable, and those with a J-variable of 91 are ones where a range
response was given in the parallel mop-up variable.  There are some
complicated mixed cases where a respondent did not give a non-missing
value for the number of instances, but was willing to provide
non-missing mop-up data.  Though tedious, it is possible to deduce
this information from the data provided.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The SCF is a large project that involves intense commitment by many
people.  At the Federal Reserve, the main project staff involved with
the creation of the data has included Gerhard Fries, Arthur
Kennickell, Kevin Moore, Martha Starr-McCluer, Amy Stubbendick, Annika
Sunden, Brian Surette, and Diane Whitmore.  Robert Dietz, an unpaid
FRB intern, made valuable contributions, including looking up the
value of every automobile of every respondent in a used car guide.  
Important support has come from the FRB officer corps, particulary
Edward Ettin and Myron Kwast who have invested their credibility in
making the project possible.  In addition to funding the survey, the
individual members of the Board of Governors have actively encouraged
the use of the survey.  Support from the Statistics of Income Division
at the IRS has been essential.  Louise Woodburn has been deeply
involved in the statistical design, weighting and disclosure review of
the survey.  Barry Johnson has been tireless in his work to obtain the
necessary data for the selection of the list sample, in his work on
the disclosure review, and in sharing the insights he has gained in
working with the IRS estate tax data.  Dan Skelly, the director
of SOI, and James Nunns at the Office of Tax Analysis at the
Department of the Treasury have encouraged us through many difficult
periods.  At the National Opinion Research Center at the University of
Chicago, very many people have touched the project in important ways.
The project directors for the 1995 SCF at NORC were Nick Holt and
Alisu Schoua-Guesberg.  Geoff Walker and Val Cooke developed the
software used for CAPI.  At the time the program was written, it was
the largest such program ever constructed, and it is only through
their creativity and dedication that the ultimate product was
successful.  Deep thanks are due to many others at the NORC central
office, including Phil DePoy, Martin Frankel, Karen Grigorian, Thomas
Harris, Nick Holt, Felice Levin, Judy Lindmark, Shawn Marsh, Jim
Rogers, William Tillford, Suzanne Turner, and Robert Wagers.  I
apologize to the many other people whose names I cannot remember.  One
of the greatest strengths of NORC is its field staff.  The managers in
the field for the 1995 SCF included Lee Brandon, Idamae Downs, Shirley
Flood, Lynn Gallagher, Rececca Harrass, Janice Hosier, Patricia
Johnson, Alice Lavka, Myrna Luncy, Susan Miller, Nancy Mutz, Sandra
Pitzer, Norma Smith, Barbara Watt, Linda Wiedmer, and Jacqueline
Winchell.  These are very creative and dedicated people.  Pat Phillips
deserves special recognition in her superb management of field
activities.  The interviewers, some of whom may prefer not to be
named, were the people who did the hardest work.  In 1995, SCF
interviewers included many experienced interviewers--some on earlier
SCFs--and others from a wide variety of backgrounds (there were
business people, musicians, painters, scholars, writers, and many
others).  They deserve the deep gratitude of all users of the SCF
data.  The only people who gave more than the interviewers were the
survey respondents, who are necessarily anonymous.  May every user
remember that some person gave his or her time to create the data that
make their analysis possible.  No set of acknowledgements would be
complete without mentioning three people.  Fritz Scheuren, formerly
director of Statistics of Income at the IRS has provided early and
continuing encouragement, insights, and support for the SCF project.
Bob Avery, my  predecessor as director of the SCF, is a colleague who
not only created the atmosphere that made the current development of
the project possible, but who continues to contribute as a sounding
board for our ideas.  Finally, Dorothy S. Projector, project director
of the Federal Reserve's landmark 1962-63 Survey of Financial
Characteristics of Consumers, set a very high standard for all future
work on household wealth surveys.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            LIST OF VARIABLES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


IMPORTANT NOTE: not all variables listed below appear in the public
use dataset -- see list of included variables near the end of this
file.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
MISC. CONTROL FILE DATA AND WEIGHTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
XX1        Internal case ID (4-digit) -- identical for
           all imputation replicates

           Area Prob, original sample:   5xxxxx
           Area Prob, added sample:      505xxx
           Area Prob, missed HU:         01xxxx
                                         02xxxx
                                         .
                                         .
                                         09xxxx
                                         10xxxx
                                         11xxxx
                                         12xxxx
                                         21xxxx
                                         22xxxx
           List, original cases:         00xxxx
           List, divorced spouse:        60xxxx
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X1         Internal ID/replicate number -- XX1*10 + imputation replicate
           number (1-5) 
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


YY1        Case ID for external users

           0.  Inap. (not a completed interview)


Y1         Equivalent for X1 for external users

           0.  Inap. (not a completed interview)


X30022     Census region

           1. Northeast
           2. North central
           3. South
           4. West


X30074     9-level Census division code

           1. Northeast: New England Division (CT, ME, MA, NH, RI, VT)
           2. Northeast: Middle Atlantic Division (NY, NJ, PA)
           3. South: South Atlantic Division: (DE, DC, FL, GA, MD, NC
              SC, VA, WV)
           4. South: East South Central Division: (AL, KY, MS, TN)
           5. South: West South Central Division: (AR, LA, OK TX)
           6. Midwest: East North Central Division (IL, IN, MI OH WI)
           7. Midwest: West North Central Division (IA, KS, MN, MO,
              NE, ND, SD)
           8. West: Mountain Division (AZ, CO, ID, MT, NV, UT, WY, NM)
           9. West: Pacific Division (AK, CA, HI, OR, WA)



X42000    Original Kennickell-Woodburn consistent weight.  


X42001    Revised Kennickell-Woodburn consistent weight: accounts for
          systemative deviations from CPS estimates of homeownership
          by racial/ethnic groups.  This weight should be used for all
          estimations using the final 1995 SCF data for which weights
          are appropriate.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
REPLICATE WEIGHTS AND MULTIPLICITY FACTORS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

As noted in the introduction, there is an additional data file
which contains replicate weights and multiplicity factors to be used in
estimating sampling variances.  The file corresponds to the main
weight X42001.

The replicate weights are of the form WT1Bi, where i=1,...999
The multiplicity factors are of the form MMi, where i=1,...999

Replicate weights with a given index correspond to multiplicity
factors with the same index.
           *********************************************
               INCLUDED IN A SEPARATE PUBLIC DATASET
           *********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
HOUSEHOLD LISTING
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

X8000      Original respondent and spouse/partner variables reversed.
           THE PERSON REFERRED TO AS THE "HEAD" IN THIS CODEBOOK IS
           EITHER THE MALE IN A MIXED-SEX COUPLE OR THE OLDER
           INDIVIDUAL IN A SAME-SEX COUPLE.  WHERE X8000=1, ALL
           VARIABLES IN THE DATASET THAT ORIGINALLY REFERRED TO
           "RESPONDENT" AND "SPOUSE/PARTNER" AND ALL CODES THAT
           CONTAIN THE SAME REFERENCES HAVE BEEN REVERSED.  THIS
           CHANGE IS MADE FOR CONVENIENCE IN PROCESSING THE DATA AND
           INDICATES NO JUDGMENT WHATSOEVER ABOUT THE ARRANGEMENTS OF
           INDIVIDUAL FAMILIES.  THE QUESTION TEXT AND ASSOCIATED
           CODES GIVEN HERE HAVE NOT BEEN ALTERED TO USE THE WORD
           "HEAD."  NO CHANGE IS MADE WHERE THE SPOUSE/PARTNER IS
           ABSENT FROM THE HOUSEHOLD AND IS NOT INCLUDED IN THE
           INTERVIEW (X100=5). 

            1. Reversed
            5. Not reversed


X100       Indicator for inclusion of income, debt, assets, etc. of an
           absent spouse/partner in the interview.  Technically, this
           indicator reflects whether the spouse/partner is a part of
           the primary economic unit.

            1.  Included in Iw
            5.  Not included in Iw
            0.  Inap. (Spouse present; legally married and partner
                present; no spouse/partner)


X101       Number of people in the household according to the HHL.

            Code total # of persons in HHL
            11.  11 or more people
            NOTE: detailed data (X8020 etc.) are collected on at most
            10 people in the household.  Respondents who provide
            information on 10 people are asked whether there are any
            other people in the household; X101 is coded 11 for
            respondents who answer this question YES.


X7001      Number of people in the primary economic unit.

            Code total # of persons
            11.  11 or more people


X8020(#1)  Before we start the interview, I need to list the people who  
X102(#2)   live here and obtain some basic information about each one.
X108(#3)   Let's start with you.
X114(#4)
X120(#5)   What is the next person's relationship to you? 
X126(#6)
X132(#7)    1.  RESPONDENT
X202(#8)    2.  Spouse of R
X208(#9)    3.  Partner of R
X214(#10)   4.  Child (incl. in-laws)
X220(#11)  13.  Child of partner (only if volunteered)
            5.  Grandchild
            6.  Parent (incl. in-laws)
            7.  Grandparent (incl. in-laws)
            8.  Aunt/uncle
            9.  Cousin
           10.  Niece/nephew
           11.  Sister/brother (incl. in-laws)
           12.  Great grandchild
           29.  Other relative
           31.  Roommate
           32.  Friend
           33.  Relative of Partner
           34.  Boarder or roomer/lodger
           35.  Paid help (maid, etc.)
           36.  Foster child
           39.  Other unrelated person
           45.  Absent spouse, treated as PEU member
            0.  Inap. (No further persons)
           NOTE: position #2 contains only spouse/partner information;
           in all other cases the #2 position contains all zeroes.
           NOTE: position #11 contains non-zero data only in cases
           where there were 10 or more people in the household and the
           respondent had no spouse/partner.


X8021(#1)  IF POSSIBLE, CODE WITHOUT ASKING.  IF NECESSARY, ASK:
X103(#2)   (I am required to ask your sex./What is that person's sex?)
X109(#3)     
X115(#4)    1.  Male
X121(#5)    2.  Female
X127(#6)    0.  Inap. (No further persons)
X133(#7)
X203(#8)
X209(#9)
X215(#10)
X221(#11)


           What is your date of birth?
           What is (his/her) date of birth?

X5907(#1)  Code month
X6107(#2)
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse or partner)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X7003(#1)  Code day of month
X7382(#2)
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse or partner)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X5908(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X6108(#2)
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse or partner)


X8022(#1)  FOR THE RESPONDENT, THIS VARIABLE CONTAINS THE DATE-OF-BIRTH
X104(#2)   AGE UNLESS HE/SHE REJECTS THAT AGE WHEN ASKED FOR CONFIRMATION
X110(#3)   AND PROVIDES ANOTHER AGE (SEE X14 BELOW).
X116(#4)
X122(#5)   How old is (he/she/that person)?
X128(#6)     
X134(#7)   Code AGE
X204(#8)   -1.  Less than one year
X210(#9)    0.  Inap. (No further persons)
X216(#10)
X222(#11)    
           **********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, X104 AND X8022 ARE TOP-CODED
              CODED AT 95
           **********************************************************
                           

X14        Respondent:  "Reconciled age"
X19        Spouse:  "Reconciled age"
           IN THE CAPI PROGRAM USED IN THE 1995 SURVEY, DESIGNATED Rs
           WERE FIRST ASKED THEIR DATE OF BIRTH (X5907/X7003/X5908 OR
           X6107/X7382/X6108 DEPENDING ON THE VALUE OF X8000).
           THE COMPUTER CALCULATED THEIR AGE AND THEN THE INTERVIEWER
           ASKED FOR CONFIRMATION (X7005/X7015).  AT THAT POINT, A
           RESPONDENT COULD AGREE TO THE COMPUTED AGE, CORRECT THEIR
           BIRTH DATE, OR PROVIDE A DIFFERENT AGE (X8022/X104).  FOR
           THE DESIGNATED R, THIS VARIABLE CONTAINS THE DOB AGE UNLESS
           A DIFFERENT AGE WAS REPORTED SUBSEQUENTLY.  FOR THE R'S
           SPOUSE/PARTNER, ONLY AGE WAS ASKED DURING THE HOUSEHOLD
           LISTING AND DATE OF BIRTH WAS ASKED LATER IN THE
           QUESTIONNIARE.  HOWEVER, THERE WAS NO CONFIRMATION/
           RECONCILIATION BUILT INTO THE PROGRAM FOR THE SPOUSE/PARTNER.
           THIS AGE VARIABLE WAS USED IN ALL CONVERSIONS OR
           CALCULATIONS INVOLVING AGES OF R/S.

           Code age
           0.  Inap. (No further persons)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 95
           *********************************************


X13        Respondent:  Age computed from date of birth
X18        Spouse:  Age computed from date of birth
           (BASED ON X5907/X7003/X5908 OR X6107/X7382/X6108 DEPENDING
           ON THE VALUE OF X8000)
                                                
           Code age
            0.  Inap. (No further persons)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X7005(#1)  So, you are (COMPUTED AGE) years old?
X7015(#2)  (ASKED ONLY OF DESIGNATED RESPONDENT)
 
            1.  YES
            3.  NO, FIX AGE
            5.  Missing value for year of birth
            9.  Not asked
            0.  Inap. (No spouse/partner)


X7006(#3)  Is (he/she/that person) 18 or older?
X7007(#4)
X7008(#5)   1.  YES
X7009(#6)   5.  NO
X7010(#7)   0.  Inap. (No further persons)
X7011(#8)
X7012(#9)
X7013(#10)
X7014(#11)


X8023(#1)  (Are you/Is [RELATIONSHIP] currently married or
X105(#2)   living with a partner, separated, divorced,
X111(#3)   widowed, or (have you/has [he/she]) never been married?
X117(#4)   (NOTE: if R lives with a partner who is financially
X123(#5)   interdependent, this variable is always coded '2' for the
X129(#6)   head and partner.  The legal marital status of each is
X135(#7)   given by X7372 and X7018 respectively.)
X205(#8)
X211(#9)    1.  (M) Married
X217(#10)   2.  (P) Living with a partner
X223(#11)   3.  (S) Separated
            4.  (D) Divorced
            5.  (W) Widowed
            6.  (NM) Never married
            0.  Inap. (Person not over 18; no further persons)
            NOTE: for the person in position #1, this variable
            contains the current living arrangement, which is not
            necessarily the information reported in the interview.
            For example, a respondent may have answered "married" to
            this question, but actually be living with a partner; in
            this case, the variable has been recoded coded "partner."


X7000(#1)  Does your (spouse/partner) live with you now?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No spouse/partner)


X7002(#1)  Do you live with a partner?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO

           
X8024(#1)  Does (he/she) usually live here?
X106(#2)   (FILLED IN FOR RESPONDENT)
X112(#3)
X118(#4)    1.  YES (incl. R and Spouse/Partner)
X124(#5)    5.  NO
X130(#6)    0.  Inap.  (Person other than #1/#2 under 18; no further persons)
X136(#7)
X206(#8)
X212(#9)
X218(#10)
X224(#11)
           

X8098(#1)  Do you and your (husband/wife/partner) have shared
X107(#2)   finances?
X113(#3)   (ASKED ONLY IF SPOUSE/PARTNER DOES NOT USUALLY LIVE
X119(#4)   THERE, OTHERWISE ASSUMED TO BE SHARED FINANCES.)
X125(#5)
X131(#6)   Does (RELATIONSHIP) depend on you (and your
X137(#7)   [husband/wife/partner]) for most of (his/her)
X207(#8)   support or is (he/she) financially independent for
X213(#9)   the most part?
X219(#10)  (THIS QUESTION IS KEY IN DEFINING THE PRIMARY
X225(#11)  ECONOMIC UNIT--SEE INTRODUCTION.  A SPOUSE/PARTNER
           WHO LIVES THERE AT THE TIME OF THE INTERVIEW OR WHO
           USUALLY LIVES THERE IS ASSUMED TO BE FINANCIALL
           INTERRELATED WITH THE R.  SIMILARLY, CHILDREN UNDER
           THE AGE OF 18 ARE ALSO ASSUMED TO BE FIANCIALLY
           DEPENDENT ON THE R, EVEN THOUGH IT IS POSSIBLE THAT
           SOME CHILDRENT OF PEOPLE OUTSIDE THE PEU MAY BE
           INCLUDED BY THIS RULE.)

            1.  FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT (TRIVIALLY FOR R)
            5.  FINANCIALLY INDEPENDENT                         
            0.  Inap. (No further persons)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

           I will be asking you about various kinds of household financial
           matters during this interview.  (IF MORE THAN ONE PERSON
           LISTED BELOW HAVE RESPONDENT WRITE THE NAMES ON THE BOTTOM
           OF THE INSTITUTION CARD AND READ:  As we go through the
           interview, this card will serve as a reminder of the people
           we are referring to when we say your "family living
           here". (READ RELATIONSHIP OF MEMBERS LISTED BELOW) 


X301       I'd like to start this interview by asking you about your
           expectations for the future.  Over the next five years, do
           you expect the U.S. economy as a whole to perform better,
           worse, or about the same as it has over the past five years?

            1.  Better
            2.  Worse
            3.  About the same


X302       Five years from now, do you think interest rates will be
           higher, lower, or about the same as today?

            1.  Higher
            2.  Lower
            3.  About the same


X7100      (SHOW CARD 1) When making major decisions about credit or
           borrowing, some people shop around for the very best terms
           while others don't.  (What number would you be on the
           scale?/What  number would your family be on the scale?)

            1.  ALMOST NO SHOPPING
            2.
            3.  MODERATE SHOPPING
            4.
            5.  A GREAT DEAL OF SHOPPING

            NOTE: CARD 1 contains the following information:
            The numbers 1 through 5 in a horizonal row bounded by dark
            lines.  Below 1 is printed "Almost no shopping"; below 3
            is printed "Moderate shopping"; and below 5 is printed "A
            great deal of shopping."  Nothing is printed below 2 and 4.


X7101      What sort of information do you and your (spouse/partner)
X7102      use to make decisions about credit or borrowing?  Do you
X7103      call around for terms?  Do you read newspapers, magazines,
X7104      or material that you get in the mail?  Do you get advice
X7105      from a friend, relative, lawyer, accountant, or financial
X7106      planner?  Or do you do something else?
X7107
X7108      What sort of information do you use to make decisions about
X7109      credit  or borrowing?  Do you call around for terms?   Do
X7110      you read newspapers,  magazines, or material that you get
           in the mail?  Do you get advice from a friend, relative,
           lawyer, accountant, or financial planner?  Or do you do
           something else?
           (CODE ALL THAT APPLY, in order reported)

            1.  Call around
            2.  Material in the mail
            3.  Other advertisements
            4.  Accountant
            5.  Magazines/newspapers
            6.  Friend/relative
            7.  Lawyer
            8.  Financial planner
            9.  Never borrow or haven't borrowed lately
           11.  Information from store/dealer
           12.  Bankers; other lenders
           13.  Television; cable; radio
           14.  Computerized data services; other data services
           15.  Don't shop around; always use same institution
           16.  Past experience
           17.  Material from work/business contacts
           18.  Self; No information other than what R/family knows
           19.  Other personal research
           21.  Real estate broker; builder
           22.  Other institutional source (e.g., college, social service
                agency, etc.)
           -7.  Other types of information


X7111      (SHOW CARD 1) When making major saving and investment
           decisions, some people shop around for the very best terms
           while others don't.

           What number would you be on the scale?

           What number would your family be on the scale?

            1.  ALMOST NO SHOPPING
            2.
            3.  MODERATE SHOPPING
            4.
            5.  A GREAT DEAL OF SHOPPING

            NOTE: See X7100 for a description of CARD 1.


X7112      How do you and your (spouse/partner) make decisions about
X7113      saving and  investments?  Do you call around for rates?  Do
X7114      you read newspapers, magazines, or material you get in the
X7115      mail?  Do you get advice from a friend, relative, lawyer,
X7116      accountant, or financial planner?  Or do you do somethingelse?/
X7117
X7118      How do you make decisions about saving and investments?  Do
X7119      you call around for rates?  Do you read newspapers,
X7120      magazines, or material you get in the mail?  Do you get
X7121      advice from a friend, relative, lawyer, accountant, or
           financial planner?  Or do you do something else?

           (CODE ALL THAT APPLY, in order reported)

            1.  CALL AROUND
            2.  Friend/relative
            3.  Accountant
            4.  Lawyer
            5.  Financial planner/BROKER
            6.  Magazines/newspapers
            8.  Material in the mail
           10.  DO NOT SAVE/INVEST
           11.  Other advertisements
           12.  Bankers; other institutions
           13.  Television; cable; radio
           14.  Computerized data services; other data services
           15.  Don't shop around, always use same institution
           16.  Past experience
           17.  Material from work/business contacts
           18.  Self; No information other than what R/family knows
           19.  Investment club
           20.  Investment seminars
           21.  Other personal research
           23.  Shop around
           -7.  Other types of information


X305       The next few questions are about the financial
           institutions that you do business with. 

           With how many financial institutions do you currently have
           accounts or loans, or regularly do personal financial
           business?  Include banks, savings and loans, credit unions,
           brokerages, loan companies, and so forth, but not
           institutions where you have only credit cards or business
           accounts.

           With how many financial institutions do you and your family
           living here currently have accounts or loans, or regularly
           do personal financial business?  Include banks, savings and
           loans, credit unions, brokerages, loan companies, and so
           forth, but not institutions where you have only credit
           cards or business accounts.

X8300      Inferred number of institutions.  When institutions were
           reported (or in some cases, imputed) after the institution
           data were collected (except in the case of bank-type credit
           cards) the CAPI program returned to the institution
           questions for the added institutions.  In some cases,
           interviewers failed to enter the new institution properly,
           so the followup questions were not generated by the CAPI
           program.  X8300 takes the originally reported value of X305
           as its base and adds additional institutions whenever a
           commercial bank, savings and loan, credit union, 
           brokerage, money market fund, finance company, or mortgage
           company was reported without an initial link to the 
           institution data.  Where there were more than the 6
           institutions on which detailed information was collected,
           the total number of institutions was augmented and stored
           in X8300.  In cases where any of the first six institutions
           have been inferred from an interviewer error, the detailed
           information (location and how R does business) has been
           imputed.

           Code NUMBER
           -1.  NONE


           Institutions were enumerated by name, and the name was used
           as a text fill later in the interview when, e.g., the R was
           asked to identify the institution where the main checking
           account was held.  To protect the privacy of respondents,
           this variable was not retained in the dataset.

           (What is the name of this financial institution?/
           What is the name of the financial institution where you do
           the most business?/What is the name of the financial
           institution where you and your family living here do the
           most business?)

           [What is the name of the financial institution where you do
           the  (second/third/fourth/fifth/sixth) most business?/
           What is the name of the financial institution where you and
           your family living here do the (second/third/fourth/fifth/sixth)
           most business?

           Once the program had generated questions about the number
           of institutions specified by X305, the program asked:

           Do you have any other financial institutions which we have not
           listed yet?
           (Have you included all your accounts?/Have you included the
           accounts for all the people in your household?)

           If the R recalled an additional account, the program was
           set up to augment the list of institutions until the
           respondent said there were no more.

           If X305 contained a value that indicated that there were
           accounts, but the number was a missing value, the R was
           asked:


X308(#1)   About (name of institution), what kind of institution is
X312(#2)   this?  (Is it a commercial bank, a savings and loan or
X316(#3)   savings bank, a credit union, a finance or loan company, a
X320(#4)   brokerage, or what?)
X324(#5)
X328(#6)    Now, I need a little more information on the institutions
            we've added to the card since the start of the interview.
            (If R added institutions during the interview, the CAPI
            program generated the detailed questions on those
            institutions after the section on financial assets was
            completed.)

           MASTER INSTITUTION LIST

           11. Commercial bank; "trust company
           12. Savings & Loan association or savings bank
           13. Credit union
           14. Finance or loan company
           15. Store or dealer
           16. Brokerage company; "mutual fund" -- NFS
           17. Insurance company
           18. Mortage company
           19. Contractor or developer
           20. Prior owner
           21. Automobile finance company; GMAC, Ford CDT
           22. Doctor or hospital; dentist
           23. Lawyer
           24. Accountant
           25. Employer
           26. Friend or Relative (not codeable above)
           27. Individual Lender/Advisor (not codeable above)
           28. Pension Administrator
           31. Real estate (investment) company
           32. School/college/university
           33. Local/county/state government (except code 42)
           34. Special federal government agency; FMHA, SBA, VA, FHA, HUD, NDSL
           35. Federal government general or NA agency; IRS
           37. Self/spouse (manages own trust)
           38. Bank or general purpose credit card company; Visa,
               Carte Blanche, Master Card (except American Express code 51)
           39. Union
           40. Church
           41. American Association of Retired Persons (AARP)
           42. Courts
           50. Discover card (Sears) (V415-418 only) ("Sears" only use code 15)
           51. American Express/Optima card
           52. AT&T card
           61. Other membership organization; AAA, NEA, NTA (V415-418 only)
           62. Tribal and similar organizations
           75. Foreign institution type
           80.  Direct student loan NEC (include references to Stafford,
                Perkins, Ford, etc. student loans when a more specific
                institution reference is not available).
           92. Money market (mutual) funds, NFS
           93. Farm-related lenders (not codeable above), or NA if
               membership group or government agency
           94. Investment/management companies or consultants (not
               elsewhere classified)
           95. Non-financial institution (except codes 40-42 and 61)
           -1. Combinations of TYPES of financial institutions
           -7. Other
            0.  Inap. (no institutions: X8300=-1/fewer than 2
                institutions: X8300<2/fewer than 3 institutions: X8300<3/
                fewer than 4 institutions: X8300<4/fewer than 5
                institutions: X8300<5/fewer than 6 instiutions: X8300<6)

           NOTE: CARD 2 was available to the interviewer.  This card
           contains the following in a vertical column: "Commercial
           Bank," "Savings and Loan or Savings Bank," "Credit Union,"
           "Finance or Loan Company," "Brokerage," and "Other."



Institution 1: X6600 X6601 X6602 X6603 X6604 X6605 X6606 X6607
Institution 2: X6608 X6609 X6610 X6611 X6612 X6613 X6614 X6615
Institution 3: X6616 X6617 X6618 X6619 X6620 X6621 X6622 X6623
Institution 4: X6624 X6625 X6626 X6627 X6628 X6629 X6630 X6631
Institution 5: X6632 X6633 X6634 X6635 X6636 X6637 X6638 X6639
Institution 6: X6640 X6641 X6642 X6643 X6644 X6645 X6646 X6647

           How do you mainly do business with this institution (-by
           Cash Machine, in person, by mail, by phone, by computer, or
           some other way)?

           How does your family mainly do business with this
           institution (-by Cash Machine, in person, by mail, by
           phone, by computer, or some other way)?

           (CODE ALL THAT APPLY -- CODE MAIN METHOD FIRST)

            1.  By cash machine, ATM
            2.  In person (R or R's messenger)
            3.  By mail
            4.  By phone
            5.  Payroll deduction; direct deposit
            6.  Don't do regular business
            9.  Electronic transfer
           10.  Check, NFS
           11.  R's agent or manager
           12.  BY COMPUTER
           -7.  OTHER
            0.  Inap. (no institutions: X8300=-1/fewer than 2
                institutions: X8300<2/fewer than 3 institutions: X8300<3/
                fewer than 4 institutions: X8300<4/fewer than 5
                institutions: X8300<5/fewer than 6 instiutions: X8300<6)


X310(#1)   Roughly, how many miles is the office or cash machine of
X314(#2)   this institution from the home or workplace of the person
X318(#3)   who uses it most often?  IF R ASKS:  WE WANT THE CLOSER OF
X322(#4)   THE DISTANCE FROM HOME OR WORKPLACE.
X326(#5)
X330(#6)   Code number of miles
            -1.  LESS THAN A MILE
           992.  FOREIGN LOCATION
           993.  LOCATED AT WORK
            51.  OVER 50 MILES
            -7.  LOCAL PHONE OR POST BOX
             0.  Inap. (no institutions: X8300=-1/fewer than 2
                institutions: X8300<2/fewer than 3 institutions: X8300<3/
                fewer than 4 institutions: X8300<4/fewer than 5
                institutions: X8300<5/fewer than 6 instiutions: X8300<6)



X306       Do you have a card that allows you to deposit or withdraw
           money from this institution using a cash machine?

           Do you have a card that allows you to deposit or withdraw
           money from these institutions using a cash machine?

           Do you or your family living here have a card that allows
           you to deposit or withdraw money from this institution
           using a cash machine?

           Do you or your family living here have a card that allows
           you to deposit or withdraw money from these institutions
           using a cash machine?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no institutions: X8300=-1)


X7582      A debit card is a card that you can present when you buy
           things that automatically deducts the amount of the
           purchase from the money in an account that you have.  

           Do you use any debit cards?

           Does your family use any debit cards?

           INTERVIEWER: WE CARE ABOUT USE, NOT WHETHER R HAS A DEBIT CARD

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no institutions: X8300=-1)


X7122      Some people have their paychecks or Social Security
           benefits or other money automatically paid directly into
           their accounts.
           (Do you have any money directly deposited into your account?/
           Do you have any money directly deposited into one of your
           accounts?/
           Do you or someone in your family living here have any money
           directly deposited into your family's account?/
           Do you or someone in your family living here have any money
           directly deposited into one of your family's accounts?)
           (IF R ASKS, DO NOT INCLUDE INTEREST PAID ON THE ACCOUNT)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no institiutions: X8300=-1)


           What kinds of deposits are these? (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)

X7123      PAYCHECK/OTHER INCOME FROM WORK (e.g., consulting fees)
X7124      SOCIAL SECURITY/RAILROAD RETIREMENT

            1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no institutions, no automatic deposit: X7122=(0, 5))

X7125      OTHER

            4.  Disability payments; VA disability benefits
            6.  Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and other types of welfare
            7.  Automatic transfers from another account
            8.  Automatic payments on loans made by R (i.e., loans
                from shich R receives income)
            9.  Royalties and other investment income (Not Elsewhere
                Classified)
           10.  Alimony/support
           12.  Pension or other retirement income
           13.  Insurance reimbursement
           -7.  Combination of Types
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no institutions, no automatic deposit: X7122=(0, 5))


X7126      Some people have their utility bills, mortgage or rent
           payments, or other payments automatically paid directly
           from their accounts without having to write a check.  
           (Do you have any payments that you make in this way?/
           Do you and your family living here have any payments that
           you make in this way?)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no accounts: X8300=-1)


           What sorts of payments are these? (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
X7127      UTILITY BILLS
X7128      MORTGAGE/RENT

            1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no accounts, no pre-auth. debits: X7126=(0, 5))

X7129      OTHER

            4.  Condominium/Coop fees
            6.  Lease payments
            7.  Insurance
            8.  Automatic transfers to other accounts/investments
            9.  Cable; newspapers; magazines
           10.  Gifts to charities/non-profits
           11.  Tuition
           12.  Health club; YMCA/YWCA/YMHA/YWHA
           13.  Other payments of irregular bills (e.g., credit card bills)
           14.  Alimony/support; other transfers to family members
           16.  Car loans; other non-mortgage loan payments (except
                credit cards)
           17.  Security system; garbage fees; other regular home
                maintenance fees
           18.  Safety deposit box
           19.  Internet provider payment
           -7.  Other regular payments; combination of types
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no accounts, no pre-auth. debits: X7126=(0, 5))


X7130      A 'smart card' is a type of payment card containing a
           computer chip which is set to hold a sum of money.  As the
           card is used, purchases are subtracted from that sum.
           (Do you have any such cards that you can use for a variety
           of purchases?/
           Do you or anyone in your family living here have any such
           cards that you can use for a variety of purchases?)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CREDIT ATTITUDES AND CREDIT CARDS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

X401       Now I would like to ask you some questions about how you
           feel about credit.  In general, do you think it is a good
           idea or a bad idea for people to buy things on the
           installment plan?

            1.  Good idea
            3.  GOOD IN SOME WAYS, BAD IN OTHERS
            5.  Bad idea


           People have many different reasons for borrowing money which
           they pay back over a period of time.  For each of the
           reasons I read, please tell me whether you feel it is all
           right for someone like yourself to borrow money...    

X402       first, to cover the expenses of a vacation trip?
X403       next, to cover living expenses when income is cut?
X404       next, to finance the purchase of a fur coat or jewelry?
X405       next, to finance the purchase of a car?
X406       finally, to finance educational expenses?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO



X7131      [Have you and your (spouse/partner) applied for any type of
           credit or loan in the last five years?/
           Have you applied for any type of credit or loan in the last
           five years?]

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X407       [In the past five years, has a particular lender or creditor
           turned down any request you or your (spouse/partner) made
           for credit, or not given you as much credit as you applied for?/
           In the past five years, has a particular lender or creditor
           turned down any request you made for credit, or not given
           you as much credit as you applied for?]
           (PROBE: Turned down, or not as much credit?)
           IF TURNED DOWN AND NOT AS MUCH CREDIT, ASK WHICH IS MORE RECENT

            1.  Yes, turned down
            3.  Yes, not as much credit
            5.  No
            0.  Inap. (no credit application in previous 5 years: X7131=5)


X408       [Were you later able to obtain the full amount you or your
           (spouse/partner) requested by reapplying to the same
           institution or by applying elsewhere?/
           Were you later able to obtain the full amount you requested
           by reapplying to the same institution or by applying elsewhere?]

            1.  YES
            3.  Did Not Reapply
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no credit application in previous 5 years: X7131=5;
                not turned down: X407=5)


X7585      [On the most recent occasion, what reasons were you or your
           (spouse/partner) (given for being turned down for
           credit?/given for being unable to get as much credit as you
           applied for?)/
           On the most recent occasion, what reasons were you given for
           (being turned down for credit?/being unable to get as much
           credit as you applied for?)]

           50.  Family background/life history; who your parents (relatives) are
           51.  Family size; number of children or dependents
           52.  Marital status
           53.  Sex
           54.  Combination of marital status and sex, "single men",
                "married women"
           55.  Age
           56.  Race
           57.  Personal character/reputation, whether borrower is
                stable, honest; known by other people trusted by institution
           58.  Health
           59.  Other personal characteristics of borrower
           61.  Need to have a checking/savings account (at institution)
           62.  Haven't established a credit history
           63.  Credit rating service/credit bureau reports
           64.  Credit records/history from other institution; other
                loans or charge account; previous payment records; bankruptcy
           65.  Lack of/not enough assets/collateral/property to secure
                the loan (except home ownership, code 74); size of down
                payment; financial status 
           66.  Amount of debt; size of other payments; ability to repay loan
           69.  Other credit characteristics of borrower
           70.  Bad Credit, NEC
           71.  Time on current job
           72.  Job; type of work; steady/secure employment; good job
           73.  Lack of job; not working; on welfare
           74.  Lack of homeownership
           75.  Time at current address; time in community or state
           76.  Amount of income; "income"
           77.  Source of income; retired
           78.  Where you live; what type of neighborhood/area of city
                you live in; if you live in the state/county
           79.  Other financial characteristics of borrower
           81.  Lack of familiarity/experience; don't have an account
                there; I'm not a credit union member
           82.  Previous bad experience (N.E.C); had difficulty/been
                turned down NA why
           83.  Institution is more "strict" in lending requirements,
                NA in what areas
           87.  "Discrimination"; references to red-lining, NA basis
           88.  Inconvenient/difficult, not codeable above
           89.  Other miscellaneous
           90.  Didn't approve of purpose for which money was to be borrowed
           91.  Loan was too large for source to handle; source doesn't
                have much money to lend; money reserves of source are low
           92.  Interest
           93.  Insufficient collateral/equity
           -1.  None; no reason was given; "bank policy"
           -7.  Other -- N.E.C
            0.  Inap. (no credit application in previous 5 years: X7131=5;
                not turned down: X407=5)


X7584      What type of credit did you apply for?

            1.  Mortgage
            2.  Car loan
            3.  Other installment loan
            4.  Credit Card
            6.  Store account
           17.  Equity loan
           18.  Business/Investment loan
           19.  Line of credit
           20.  Personal loan
           21.  Consolidation loan
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no credit application in previous 5 years: X7131=5;
                not turned down: X407=5)



X409       [Was there any time in the past five years that you or your
           (spouse/partner) thought of applying for credit at a
           particular place, but changed your mind because you thought
           you might be turned down?/
           Was there any time in the past five years that you thought
           of applying for credit at a particular place, but changed
           your mind because you thought you might be turned down?0

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X7583      [On the most recent occasion, why did you or your
           (spouse/partner) think you might be turned down?/
           On the most recent occasion, why did you think you might be
           turned down?]

           50.  Family background/life history; who your parents (relatives) are
           51.  Family size; number of children or dependents
           52.  Marital status
           53.  Sex
           54.  Combination of marital status and sex, "single men",
               "married women"
           55.  Age
           56.  Race
           57.  Personal character/reputation, whether borrower is
                stable, honest; known by other people trusted by institution
           58.  Health
           59.  Other personal characteristics of borrower
           61.  Need to have a checking/savings account (at institution)
           62.  Haven't established a credit history
           63.  Credit rating service/credit bureau reports
           64.  Credit records/history reom other institution; other
                loans or charge account; previous payment records;
                bankruptcy
           65.  Lack of/not enough assets/collateral/property to secure
                the loan (except home ownership, code 74); size of down
                payment; financial status
           66.  Amount of debt; size of other payments; ability to repay loan
           69.  Other credit characteristics of borrower
           70.  Bad Credit, NEC
           71.  Time on current job
           72.  Job; type of work; steady/secure employment; good job
           73.  Lack of job; not working; on welfare
           74.  Lack of homeownership
           75.  Time at current address; time in community or state
           76.  Amount of income; "income"
           77.  Source of income; retired
           78.  Where you live; what type of neighborhood/area of city
                you live in; if you live in the state/county
           79.  Other financial characteristics of borrower
           81.  Lack of familiarity/experience; don't have an account
                there; I'm not a credit union member
           82.  Previous bad experience (N.E.C); had difficulty/been
                turned down NA why
           83.  Institution is more "strict" in lending requirements,
                NA in what areas
           87.  "Discrimination"; references to red-lining, NA basis
           88.  Inconvenient/difficult, not codeable above
           89.  Other miscellaneous
           90.  Didn't approve of purpose for which money was to be borrowed
           91.  Loan was too large for source to handle; source doesn't
                have much money to lend; money reserves of source are low
           92.  Interest
           93.  Insufficient collateral/equity
           -1.  None; no reason was given; "bank policy"
           -7.  Other -- N.E.C
            0.  Inap. (did not expect to be turned down: X409=5)


X410       Now I have some questions about credit cards and charge cards.
           (Do you have any credit cards or charge cards?/
           Do you or anyone in your family living here have any credit
           cards or charge cards?)
           (Please do not include debit cards.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X7973(#1)  Now I would like to ask you a few questions about your
           credit cards.  (SHOW CARD 3)
           (Do you have any type of/
           Do you and your family living here have any type of)
           Visa, Mastercard, Discover, or Optima cards?
X7974(#2)  (Do you have any type of/
           Do you and your family living here have any type of)
           Sears, K-Mart, furniture, clothing and other store cards?
X7975(#3)  (Do you have any type of/
           Do you and your family living here have any type of)
           Gasoline Cards such as Shell, Exxon, BP, Texaco, or Amoco?
X7976(#4)  (Do you have any type of/
           Do you and your family living here have any type of)
           American Express, Diners Club, or Carte Blanche cards?
X7977(#5)  (Do you have any type of/
           Do you and your family living here have any type of)
           Airline, Car Rental, or other cards?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO 
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5)

           NOTE: SHOW CARD 3 contains the following in a vertical
           column: "Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Optima," "Sears,
           K-Mart, furniture, clothing and other store cards,"
           "Gasoline cards such as Shell, Exxon, BP, TExaco, and
           Amoco," "American Express, Diners, Carte Blanche," and
           "Airline, Car Rental, or other credit cards."


X411(#1)   How many?
X419(#2)   (Please do not count duplicate cards for the same account or
X422(#3)   any business or company accounts.)
X425(#4)
X428(#5)   Code number
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5; no cards of type)
           *********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, THE NUMBER OF #1/2 CARDS IS
              TOP-CODED AT 10, #3/4/5 CARDS ARE TOP-CODED AT 5
           *********************************************************


X412(#1)   (On your last bills, roughly how much were the new charges
X420(#2)   made to these accounts?/
X423(#3)   On your last bill, roughly how much were the new charges
X426(#4)   made to this account?)
X429(#5)
           Code number
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5; no cards of type)


X413(#1)   (After the last payments were made on these accounts,
X421(#2)   roughly what was the balance still owed on these accounts?/
X424(#3)   After the last payment was made on this account, roughly
X427(#4)   what was the balance still owed on this account?)
X430(#5)
           Code number
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5; no cards of type)


X414(#1)   (What is the maximum amount you could borrow on all of these
           accounts; that is, what is your total credit limit?/
           What is the maximum amount you could borrow on this account;
           that is, what is your total credit limit?)

           Code number
           -1.  No limit
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5; no cards of type)


X7132(#1)  What interest rate do you pay on the card where you have
           the largest balance?

           What is the interest rate on the card you got most recently?

           What interest rate do you pay on this card?

           INTERVIEWER: WE WANT TO KNOW THE RATE THAT R PAYS ON NEW
           BALANCES

           Code percent * 100
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5; no cards of type)


(#1) only: X415 X416 X417 X418 X7500 X6648 X6649 X6720

           [Please look at the Institutions Card.  Are these credit cards
           with any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
           someplace else?/
           Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is this credit card
           with any institution on the Institutions Card, or from
           someplace else?]
           (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.) 
           [IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?]  
           [IF "SOMEPLACE ELSE": What type of institution?]

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5; no cards of type)

(#1) only: X9082 X9151 X9152 X9153 X9202 X9216 X9221 X9222
           Recode: type of insitution

           See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5; no cards of type)


X432       Thinking only about Visa, Mastercard, Discover, Optima and
           store cards, do you almost always, sometimes, or hardly
           ever pay off the total balance owed on the account each
           month?

            1.  Always or almost always
            3.  Sometimes
            5.  Hardly ever
            0.  Inap. (no credit cards: X410=5; no #1 or #2 cards)


X7577      (Other than the store accounts where you have credit cards,
           do you have any charge or revolving charge accounts at
           stores where you owed money after your last payment?/
           Other than the store accounts where you have credit cards,
           do you or your family living here have any charge or
           revolving charge accounts at stores where you owed money
           after your last payment?/
           Do you have any charge or revolving charge accounts at
           stores where you owed money after your last payment?/
           Do you or your family living here have any charge or
           revolving charge accounts at stores where you owed money
           after your last payment?)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X7576      (How many such accounts do you have where you owe money?/
           How many such accounts do you or your family living here
           have where you owe money?)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no accounts: X7577=5)


X7575      (After the last payments were made on these accounts, what
           was the balance still owed on all these accounts?/
           After the last payment was made on this account, what was
           the balance still owed on this account?)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no accounts: X7577=5)



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X501       INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT: WHERE DOES R LIVE?

            4.  R LIVES ON A RANCH
            5.  R LIVES ON A FARM
            2.  R LIVES IN A MOBILE HOME/RV
            3.  ALL OTHER TYPES OF HOUSING

X7136      (SHOW CARD 4)  We are interested in your view of the chance
           that you will be staying at your current address for the
           next two years.  Using any number from  zero to 100, where
           zero equals no chance and 100 equals absolutely certain,
           what do you think the chances are that you will be living
           at your current address two years from now?
           INTERVIEWER: ROUND TO CLOSEST NUMBER DISPLAYED

            -1. No chance (recoded from zero)
            10.
            20.
            30.
            40.
            50. 50-50 chance 
            60.
            70.
            80.
            90.
           100. Absolutely certain

           NOTE: CARD 4 contains the following information:
           The numbers 0, 10, 20, ..., 100 in a horizonal row bounded
           by dark lines.  Below 0 is printed "Absolutely no chance";
           in the space below 20 and 30 is printed "Possible but not
           likely"; below 50 is printed "50-50 chance"; in the space
           below 70 and 80 is printed "Likely but not certain"; and
           below 100 is printed "Absolutely certain."


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
R LIVES ON A FARM
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X502       Now I have some questions about this property.  
           About how many acres is this (farm/ranch), including any
           acres that are rented or rented out to others?

           Code acres
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5)
           ***********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 1000
           ***********************************************


X503       (Do you operate a farming or ranching business on this
           property?/
           Do you or anyone in your family living here operate a
           farming or ranching business on this property?)
           (IF R CLAIMS THE FARM ON HIS INCOME TAX, THEN THE FARM IS A
           BUSINESS FOR OUR PURPOSES.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5)



X504       (Do you rent out any part of this property to others?/
           Do you or anyone in your family living here rent out any
           part of this property to others?)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R operates farm/ranch as a business: X503=1))


X505       How much rent do you collect?

           Code amount
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R operates farm/ranch as a business: X503=1); R does not
                rent out part of property: X504=5)

X506       And how often is that amount collected?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month 
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  No rent collected
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R operates farm/ranch as a business: X503=1; R does not
                rent out part of property: X504=5)


           What part of this property is used for (farm/ranch)ing?

X507       Code percent * 100
             -1.  Very little
           9995.  Almost all
              0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                  R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1)

X7574      Code number of acres
            -1.  Very little
             0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                 R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X508       What is the legal ownership status of this (farm/ranch)?
           [Do you own this (farm/ranch), do you own part of it, do
           you rent it, is it all owned by a business, or what?/
           Do you or your family living here own this (farm/ranch), do
           you own part of it, do you rent it, is it all owned by a
           business, or what?]

             1.  Owns all
             2.  Owns only part
             5.  Sharecropper
             3.  Rents/Leases all
             4.  Owned by a business
             7.  Other
             0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                  R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1)


R OWNS ALL

X509       [Does your (farm/ranch)ing business pay any rent for the
           use of the property?/
           Does your family's (farm/ranch)ing business pay any rent
           for the use of the property?]

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own all of farm/ranch: X508^=1)
           

X510       (How much rent do you collect?/
           How much rent do you or your family living here collect?)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own all of farm/ranch: X508^=1; business
                does not pay rent: X509^=1))

X511       And how often is that amount collected?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own all of farm/ranch: X508^=1; business
                does not pay rent: X509^=1))


X513       Could you tell me the current value of all the land and
           buildings - that is, what would it bring if it were sold
           today?  Do not include any farm animals, implements or crops.

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own all of farm/ranch: X508^=1)


OWNED BY A BUSINESS

X514       (Do you pay the business any rent for this property?/
           Do you or your family living here pay the business any rent
           for this property?)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                farm/ranch not owned by a business: X508^=4)


X515       In what month and year did you move into this (farm/ranch)?

           Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                farm/ranch not owned by a business: X508^=4)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X516       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                farm/ranch not owned by a business: X508^=4)


R OWNS PART

X517       [Does the (farm/ranch)ing business pay you any rent for
           the use of the property?/
           Does the (farm/ranch)ing business pay you or your family
           living here any rent for the use of the property?]

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2)


X518       (How much rent do you collect?/
           How much rent do you or your family living here collect?)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2;
                business does not pay rent to R: X517^=1)

X519       And how often is that amount collected?

           Code frequency
             2.  Week
             3.  Biweekly
             4.  Month
             5.  Quarter
             6.  Year
            11.  Twice per year
            12.  Bimonthly
             0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                 R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                 R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2;
                 business does not pay rent to R: X517^=1)


X520       (Do you pay any rent for this property?/
           Do you or anyone in your family living here pay any rent
           for this property?)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2)


X521       (How much rent do you pay?/
           How much rent do you or your family living here pay?)

           Code amount
            -1.  None
             0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                 R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                 R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2;
                 R does not pay rent to business: X520^=1)

X522       And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
             2.  Week
             3.  Biweekly
             4.  Month
             5.  Quarter
             6.  Year
            11.  Twice per year
            12.  Bimonthly
            -1.  No rent
             0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                 R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                 R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2;
                 R does not pay rent to business: X520^=1)


           (I will ask you more about the business operation later.
           Now I'd like to ask about the part of the property that
           you personally own.  About what percent of the total
           property is that?/
           I will ask you more about the business operation later.
           Now I'd like to ask about the part of the property that
           you and your family living here personally own.  About
           what percent of the total property is that?)

X523       Code percent * 100
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2)

X7573      Code acres
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2)
           ***********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 1000
           ***********************************************


X526       Could you tell me the current value of the entire part of
           the land and building you own?  I mean, what would it
           bring if it were sold today?  Do not include any farm
           animals, implements or crops.

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live on farm/rance: X501^=4 or 5;
                R does not operate farm/ranch as a business: X503^=1;
                R does not own only part of farm/ranch: X508^=2)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
R LIVES IN MOBILE HOME
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X601       (Now I have some questions about your home.  Do you own
           both this mobile home and site or lot, do you own only the
           mobile home, do you own only the site, do you rent both
           the home and site, or what?/
           Now I have some questions about your home.  Do you or your
           family living here own both this mobile home and site or
           lot, do you own only the mobile home, do you own only the
           site, do you rent both the home and site, or what?)

             1.  Own both home and site
             2.  Own only site
             3.  Own only home
             4.  Rent both
            -7.  Neither own nor rent


RENTS HOME, OWNS SITE

X602       About how much rent do you pay on this home?

           Code number
            -1.  None
             0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                 ownership: X601^=2)

X603       INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is it paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                 ownership: X601^=2)


X604       Could you tell me the current value of the site?  I mean,
           about what would it bring if it were sold today?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=2)


           In what month and year did you purchase the site?
           (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)

X605       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=2)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X606       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=2)


X608       CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=2)

X607       How much did this site cost when you originally acquired it? 
           (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=2)


NEITHER OWNS NOR RENTS MH

X609       How is that?
            1.   Housing is part of job compensation; live-in
                 servant; housekeeper; gardener; farm laborer
            2.   Housing is a gift paid for by someone outside HU;
                 owned by relative outside HU; R pays only taxes
            3.   Sold home, has not moved yet
            4.   Living in house which will inherit; estate in
                 process
            5.   Living in temporary quarters (garage, shed) while
                 home is under construction
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=-7)


           In what month and year did you move into this mobile home?

X610       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=-7)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X611       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=-7)


OWNS HOME, RENTS SITE

X612       About how much rent do you pay on this site?

           Code amount
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=3)

X613       INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is it paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=3)


X614       Could you tell me the current value of this mobile home?  
           I mean, about what would it bring if it were sold today?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=3)

           In what month and year did you purchase this mobile home? 

X615       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=3)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X616       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=3)


X618       CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=3)


X617       How much did this mobile home cost when you originally
           acquired it?
           INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=3)


RENTS HOME AND SITE

X619       About how much rent do you pay on this home and site?

           Code amount
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=4)

X620       INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is it paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=4)


           In what month and year did you move into this mobile home?

X621       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=4)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X622       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=4)


OWNS HOME AND SITE

X623       Could you tell me the current value of this home and site?  
           I mean, about what would they bring if they were sold today?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1)


X624       Were the site and mobile home purchased separately?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1)


           In what month and year did you purchase this mobile home? 

X625       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site not purchased
                separately: X624^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X626       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site not purchased
                separately: X624^=1)

X628       CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site not purchased
                separately: X624^=1)


X627       How much did the mobile home cost when you originally
           acquired it?
           INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site not purchased
                separately: X624^=1)


           In what month and year did you purchase this site? 

X629       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site not purchased
                separately: X624^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X630       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site not purchased
                separately: X624^=1)

X632       CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site not purchased
                separately: X624^=1)


X631       How much did this site cost when you originally acquired it? 
           INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site not purchases
                separately: X624^=1)


           In what month and year did you purchase this mobile home and site? 

X633       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site purchased
                separately: X624=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X634       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site purchased
                separately: X624=1)

X636       CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site purchased
                separately: X624=1)


X635       How much did the mobile home and site cost when you
           originally acquired it? 
           INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (R does not live in MH: X501^=2; other MH
                ownership: X601^=1; home and site purchased
                separately: X624=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
R LIVES IN HU OTHER THAN FARM/RANCH OR MOBILE HOME
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X701       Now I have some questions about your home.

           Do you own this ranch, do you pay rent, do you own it as a
           part of a condo, co-op, townhouse association, or what?

           Do you own this farm, do you pay rent, do you own it as a
           part of a condo, co-op, townhouse association, or what?

           Do you own this (house and lot/apartment), do you pay rent,
           do you own it as a part of a condo, co-op, townhouse
           association, or what?

           Do you and your family living here own this ranch, do you
           pay rent, do you own it as a part of a condo, co-op,
           townhouse association, or what?

           Do you and your family living here own this farm, do you
           pay rent, do you own it as a part of a condo, co-op,
           townhouse association, or what?

           Do you and your family living here own this (house and
           lot/apartment), do you pay rent, do you own it as a part of
           a condo, co-op, townhouse association, or what?

            1.  Owns or is buying/land contract
            2.  Pays rent
            3.  Condo
            4.  Co-op
            5.  Townhouse Association
            6.  Retirement Lifetime Tenancy
           -7.  Neither owns nor rents                 --> -7
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1)


NEITHER OWNS NOR RENTS

X705       How is your housing provided?
             1.  Housing is part of job compensation; live-in servant;
                 house-keeper; gardener; farm laborer
             2.  Housing is a gift paid for by someone outside HU;
                 owned by relative outside HU; R pays only taxes
             3.  Sold home, has not moved yet
             4.  Living in house which will inherit; estate in process
             5.  Living in temporaty quarters (garage, shed, etc.)
                 while home is under construction
             6.  Public Housing
             8.  Living in home of relatives/friends without paying
                 rent
             9.  House owned by trust created by R
            -7.  Other
             0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than neither owns nor
                rents: X701^=-7)
           *********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 9 IS COMBINED WITH -7;
              CODE 8 IS COMBINED WITH 2
           *********************************************************


X7133      Do you own any part of this ranch?

           Do you own any part of this farm?

           Do you own any part of this (house and lot/apartment)?

           Does anyone in your family living here own any part of
           this (farm/ranch)?

           Does anyone in your family living here own any part of
           this (house and lot/apartment)?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
               is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
               some living arrangement other than neither owns nor
               rents: X701^=-7)


X7134      IN THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS ABOUT VALUE AND LOANS, INCLUDE
           ONLY R'S SHARE; IF R KNOWS ONLY TOTALS FOR THE WHOLE
           PROPERTY, MAKE NOTES WHERE APPLICABLE

           What percent of the property do you own?

           What percent of the property do you and your family living
           here own?


           Code percent * 100
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
               is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
               some living arrangement other than neither owns nor
               rents: X701^=-7; R does not own any part: X7133=5)


           In what month and year did you move into this home?

X706       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
               is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
               some living arrangement other than neither owns nor
               rents: X701^=-7; R owns any part: X7133^=5)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X707       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
               is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
               some living arrangement other than neither owns nor
               rents: X701^=-7; R owns any part: X7133^=5)
           **************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, BOTTOM-CODED AT 1920
           **************************************************


RENTS HOME (INCLUDES FARM WITH NO FARM BUSINESS/RENTED FARM)

X708       How much rent do you pay for this (farm/ranch)?

           How much rent do you or your family living here pay for
           this (farm/ranch)?

           How much rent do you pay for this (house/apartment)?

           How much rent do you or your family living here pay for this 
           (house/apartment)?

           Code amount
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm operated
                as a business, but does not rent: X501=4 or 5 and
                X503=1 and X508^=3; some living arrangement other than
                rents: X701^=2)

X709       INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm operated
                as a business, but does not rent: X501=4 or 5 and
                X503=1 and X508^=3; some living arrangement other than
                rents: X701^=2)


X710       Does that include some or all utilities?

            1.  Yes, all
            3.  Yes, some
            5.  No
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm operated
                as a business, but does not rent: X501=4 or 5 and
                X503=1 and X508^=3; some living arrangement other than
                rents: X701^=2)


X711       Do you rent it furnished or unfurnished?

            1.  Furnished
            3.  Partially furnished
            5.  Unfurnished
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm operated
                as a business, but does not rent: X501=4 or 5 and
                X503=1 and X508^=3; some living arrangement other than
                rents: X701^=2)


           In what month and year did you move into this ranch?

           In what month and year did you move into this farm?

           In what month and year did you move into this (house/apartment)?

X712       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm operated
                as a business, but does not rent: X501=4 or 5 and
                X503=1 and X508^=3; some living arrangement other than
                rents: X701^=2)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X713       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm operated
                as a business, but does not rent: X501=4 or 5 and
                X503=1 and X508^=3; some living arrangement other than
                rents: X701^=2)


R OWNS SOME PART (INCLUDES FARM WITH NO FARM BUSINESS)

X7572      Are you required to pay regular fees to an association or
           property management group in order to live here?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1)


X703       How much are your fees?

           Code amount
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1; no fees: X7572^=1)

X704       INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often do you pay this amount?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1; no fees: X7572^=1)


X702       INTERVIEWER OBSERVATION:  DOES R LIVE IN MULTIPLE HU STRUCTURE?
           (CONFIRM WITH R IF NECESSARY)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1


X714       Do you own the entire building or just your unit?

           Do you and your family living here own the entire building
           or  just your unit?

            1.  Entire building
            2.  Just R's unit
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1


X715       How many housing units are in this building?

           Code number of units
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1; does not own entire building: X714^=1)

X7135      Do you own your unit separately from the rest of the building?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1; does not own entire building: X714^=1)


X716       The following questions about your home refer to your unit
           only.

           The following questions refer to the entire building.

           What is the current value of this (home and
           land/apartment/property)?  I mean, about what would it
           bring if it were sold today?

           INTERVIEWER:  PROPERTY REFERS TO WHATEVER PART R OWNS OF
           THEIR HOUSE AND LOT, APARTMENT, BUILDING, FARM OR
           RANCH. INCLUDE THE PART OF THE PROPERTY THAT R OWNS; FOR
           FARMS/RANCHES, INCLUDE ALL OWNED LAND AND STRUCTURES.

           Code value
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                is operated as a business: X501=4 or 5 and X503=1;
                some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1)


           In what month and year did you first purchase any part of
           this property? 
           (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  

X719       Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                not owned at least in part: X501=4 or 5 and X508^=1 or
                2; some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X720       Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                not owned at least in part: X501=4 or 5 and X508^=1 or
                2; some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1)
           **************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, BOTTOM-CODED AT 1920
           **************************************************


X718       CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R lives on farm and farm
                not owned at least in part: X501=4 or 5 and X508^=1 or
                2; some living arrangement other than owns: X701^=1 and
                X7133^=1)

(ALL OWNERS EXCEPT MH)

X717       How much did it cost when you originally acquired it?
           INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.

           Code value
            0.  Inap. (R lives in MH: X501=2; R owns neither farm nor
                other type of dwelling: X508^=1 or 2 and X701^=1, 3,
                4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1)


(ALL TYPES OF OWNERS)

X721       What are the real estate taxes on this home and land?

           What are the real estate taxes on this land?

           What are the real estate taxes on this home?

           What are the real estate taxes on this farm?

           What are the real estate taxes on this ranch?

           What are the real estate taxes on the part of the ranch you own?

           What are the real estate taxes on the part of the farm you own?

           What are the real estate taxes on this unit?

           What are the real estate taxes on this property?

           Code amount
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1)

X722       INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often do you pay this amount?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           -7.  Other
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1)


X723       Is there a mortgage or land contract on this (home/home and
           land/apartment/property)? (Do not include home equity loans
           or lines of credit.)
           (IF R SAYS BOTH MORTGAGE AND LAND CONTRACT, CHOOSE MORTGAGE)

            1.  Yes, mortgage
            2.  Yes, land contract
            5.  No
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1)


X830       Do you have a second mortgage or a land contract on this
           property?   (Please do not include any home equity lines of
           credit.)
           INTERVIEWER: A HOME EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT IS AN AGREEMENT
           WHERE THE R CAN BORROW AT ANY TIME USING THE HOUSE AS
           COLLATERAL, UP TO SOME LIMIT. A HOME EQUITY LOAN IS A FIXED
           LENGTH, FIXED MONTHLY PAYMENT LOAN.

            1.  Yes, second mortgage
            2.  Yes, land contract
            5.  No
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723=5)


X931       Do you have any other loans that use this property as collateral?

           Do you have any loans that use this property as collateral?

           (Please do not include any home equity lines of credit.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                first mortgage but no second mortgage: X723=1 and X830^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
MORTGAGES/LAND CONTRACTS/EQUITY LOANS ON PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE
#1 refers to first mortgage
#2 refers to second mortgage
#3 refers to other home equity loan other than a home equity line of credit
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X724(#1)   Is the first or main mortgage a federally guaranteed
           mortgage, such as FHA or VA?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO 
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no mortgage: X723=5)

X726(#1)   Is it an FHA mortgage, a VA mortgage, or is it from some
           other program?

            1.  Federal Housing Administration (FHA)
            2.  Veteran's Administration (VA)
            3.  Federal land bank
            4.  Federal National Mortgage Association ("Fannie Mae")
            5.  Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. ("Freddie Mac")
           10.  State housing programs
           11.  First-time buyer program, n.e.c.
           12.  Other Federal loan program
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no mortgage: X723=5; not federally guaranteed: X724^=1)


X727(#1)   Why did you choose this type of loan?

           Credit Terms/Cost Of Loan
            1.  Interest rate -- low (er) / reasonable/best available rates
            4.  Finance charges low (er) or none (other than interest
                or NA if includes interest.)
            5.  Amount of the down payment
            6.  Size of (monthly) payments; payment amount; longer
                contracts -- more time to pay off loan
            9.  Easier to get credit -- require less
                information/collateral; less stringent rules for
                giving credit; get credit approval faster; no red tape 
           25.  Credit terms/arrangements -- NA what:  "affordable terms"
           26.  Give the best (a better) deal -- NA how
           29.  Other credit terms or cost of loan
           83.  Recommended
           90.  Assumed or assumable; seller-financed
           80.  No Choice, NEC
           81.  Used before, always use
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no mortgage: X723=5; not federally guaranteed: X724^=1)


X725(#1)   Does this mortgage carry any type of private mortgage
           insurance or PMI against default?
           (IF R ASKS:  DO NOT INCLUDE MORTGAGE LIFE INSURANCE.)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no mortgage: X723=5; has VA/FHA: X724=1)


           About this mortgage, in what month and year did you obtain
           or last refinance it? 

           About this land contract, in what month and year did you
           obtain or last refinance it?

           About this loan, in what month and year did you obtain or
           last refinance it?

X801(#1)   Code month
X901(#2)    1.  January
X1001(#3)   2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1))
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X802(#1)   Code year (4 digits)
X902(#2)    0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
X1002(#3)       X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1))


X803(#1)   Was this mortgage assumed from the previous owner?
X903(#2)
           Was this land contract assumed from the previous owner?

           Was this second mortgage assumed from the previous owner?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no mortgage: X723=5); year of mortgage not same as year
                of purchase: X802^=X611, X616, X626, X630, X634, and X720)


X7137(#1)  Did you take out this mortgage to: refinance or rollover an
           earlier loan, borrow additional money on your home equity,
           or to do both?

            1.  Refinance or rollover an earlier loan,
            2.  Borrow additional money on your home equity,
            3.  Do both?
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1 or 2 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                land contract: X723=2; no mortgage: X723=5; year of 
                mortgage same as year of purchase: X802=one of X606, 
                X626, X630, X634, or X720)


X6723(#1)  For what purpose was the money used?

           LOAN PURPOSE MASTER CODE LIST

            1.  Own home purchase
            3.  Home improvements or additions (incl. assessments for
                sewer/sidewalk, etc.)
            4.  Home repairs/maintenance/upkeep
           10.  Car
           11.  Refrigerator
           12.  Stove/range; microwave oven
           13.  Dishwasher
           14.  Freezer
           15.  Air conditioner
           16.  Washing machine (incl. washer/dryer combination)
           17.  Dryer
           18.  Furniture (excluding pianos and organs -- see code
                34); lamps; mattress and spring combinations; rug
                and/or carpet; other household furnishings 
           20.  Vaccum cleaners
           23.  Home computer; calculator; computer terminal
           24.  Truck/jeep/utility vehicle
           25.  Combination of appliances (incl. TV); "appliances" -- NA type
           26.  Combination of furniture and appliances
           29.  Other appliances or durable goods; sewing machine; typewriter
           31.  Stereo; phonograph (may include radio); include sound
                equipment; amplifiers here; radio (AM or FM); tuner;
                CB equipment; tape recorder, tape player (cassette or
                reel-to-reel); CD player
           34.  Piano; Organ
           35.  Musical instruments (excl. piano and organ)
           36.  TV -- color or black and white; "home entertainment
                center" (including combination TV, radio, phonograph);
                video cassette recorder/player (VCR); video camera
                (Cam-corder)
           49.  Other small/indoor hobby and entertainment items
                (incl. pool tables and regular cameras)
           50.  Power tools and yard equipment
           61.  Boat; boating equipment (incl. trailer), airplane, 
                airplane equipment
           63.  Montorcycles; bicycle; moped; snowmobiles; off-road vehicles
           65.  Camper-trailers; RV -- NFS
           67.  Cottage; vacation property; mobile homes -- seasonal
                residence (if current residence, code 01); "motorhome"
           69.  Other outdoor recreation items; horse
           71.  Invest in Bus #1
           72.  Invest in Bus #2
           73.  Invest in Bus #3
           74.  Invest in own business, other than 71-73 or NA which or all
           75.  Business investment (own) (exc. 71-74),
                incl. businesses now defunct
           76.  Other asset investment; bought stocks/bonds; IRA
                deposit; gold; "investment" -- NFS
           78.  Investment real estate (incl. cemetery plots and
                additions and repairs to investment property);
                farmland (exc. 71-74); include businesses of
                self-employed R's who don't report a business in the F
                section
           79.  Other investments
           80.  Divorce/separation expenses
           81.  Travel/vacation expenses
           82.  Medical/dental expenses; attorney's fees
           83.  Education/school expenses
           84.  Tax and insurance expenses (exc. vehicle, code 93)
           85.  Weddings/funerals/other "occasions"
           88.  Moving expenses
           89.  Other special expenses; encyclopedia; health membership 
           90.  "Personal loan"--NA what for
           91.  Bill consolidation; "bills"
           92.  Personal items, incl. clothing, jewelry
           93.  Vehicle repair/upkeep (incl. insurance)
           94.  Gifts; goods or gifts of money; "Christmas"
           95.  Living/general expenses
           96.  Loans made to others; "loaned friend/son money for a house"
           -7.  Other (including combinations)

            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU or owns only mobile
                home and not site: X508^=1 or 2 and X601^=1 or 2
                and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, 6, or 8 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1)


X804(#1)   How much did you borrow or refinance?
X904(#2)
X1004(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1))


X805(#1)   How much is still owed on this loan?
X905(#2)
X1005(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1))


           How many years or payments did you agree upon when the loan
           was taken out or refinanced?

X806(#1)   NUMBER OF YEARS
X906(#2)
X1006(#3)  Code number of years
           -1.  NO SET NUMBER OF YEARS
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1))

X807(#1)   NUMBER OF PAYMENTS
X907(#2)
X1007(#3)  Code number of payments
           -1.  NO SET NUMBER OF PAYMENTS 
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1))

X9154(#1)   Recode: Term of loan in months
X9155(#2)
X9156(#3)   Code number of months
           -1.  NO SET NUMBER OF YEARS/PAYMENTS
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments/years
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1))
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X808(#1)   How much are the payments?
X908(#2)
X1008(#3)  Code amount
           -1.  None
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1);
                no set number of payments: X806/X906/X1006=-1 or
                X807/X907/X1007=-1)


X809(#1)   INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X909(#2)   And how often are they due?
X1009(#3)
           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23.  13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24.  Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1);
                no set number of payments: X806/X906/X1006=-1 or
                X807/X907/X1007=-1)


X813(#1)   What is the typical payment?
X913(#2)
X1013(#3)  Code amount
           -1.  None
           -2.  NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1);
                set number of payments and positive payment:
                X806/X906/X1006^=-1 and X807/X907/X1007^=-1 and
                X808/X908/X1008>0)

X814(#1)   INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X914(#2)   And how often is it made?
X1014(#3)
           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23. 13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24. Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage:
                X830^=1/no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1);
                set number of payments and positive payment:
                X806/X906/X1006^=-1 and X807/X907/X1007^=-1 and
                X808/X908/X1008>0)


X810(#1)   Does the amount include property taxes or home owners
           insurance?   (Which?)

            1.  Taxes only
            2.  Insurance only
            3.  Both
            4.  Neither
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; no typical payment:
                X813=-1 or -2/X913=-1 or -2/X1013=-1 or -2)


X811(#1)   Will the (regular) payments repay the loan completely, or
X911(#2)   will there be a balance payable, or "balloon" payment, when
X1011(#3)  the loan is due? 

            1.  Repay completely
            2.  Balloon
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage: X830^=1/
                no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1; no
                typical payment: X813=-1 or -2/X913=-1 or -2/X1013=-1 or -2)


X812(#1)   What will the balance due or balloon payment be?
X912(#2)
X1012(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage: X830^=1/
                no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1; no
                typical payment: X813=-1 or -2/X913=-1 or -2/
                X1013=-1 or -2; no balloon payment: X811^=2/X911^=2/X1011^=2)


X7571(#1)  Are you paying off this loan ahead of schedule, behind
X7570(#2)  schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?
X7569(#3)
            1.  On schedule
            2.  Ahead of schedule
            3.  Behind schedule
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage: X830^=1/
                no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1;
                no set number of payments: X806=-1/X906=-1/X1006=-1;
                no typical payment: X813=-1 or -2/X913=-1 or -2/
                X1013=-1 or -2)


X815(#1)   When do you expect this loan to be repaid?
X915(#2)
X1015(#3)  Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage: X830^=1/
                no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1;
                no set number of payments: X811=-1/X911=-1/X1011=-1;
                loan on schedule: X7571=1/X7570=1/X7569=1)


X816(#1)   What is the current annual rate of interest being charged
X916(#2)   on the loan?
X1016(#3)
           Code percent * 100
           -1.  No interest
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage: X830^=1/
                no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1)


X817(#1)   Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any
X917(#2)   of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
X1017(#3)  someplace else?   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
           (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
           (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
           INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage: X830^=1/
                no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1)


X9083(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9084(#2)
X9085(#3)  See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage: X830^=1/
                no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1)


X7568(#1)  Is this the same institution as the one from which you
           originally took out this loan?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2)


X819(#1)   (SHOW CARD 4)
           What was the most important reason you chose the original lender? 

           What is the most important reason you chose this lender? 

           (Was it because they were recommended to you, because they
           had low interest rates, because of the location of their
           offices, because you had done other business with them,
           because it was easier to qualify for the loan, or for some
           other reason?)

            1.  Recommended
            2.  Low interest
            3.  Location of offices
            4.  Other business
            5.  Easy to qualify (for credit); only place that would
                give us a loan
            6.  Many services in one place
           10.  Low fees/service charges
           11.  Personal relationship; they know me; know/like them;
                R/Spouse works there 
           21.  No choice -- assumed existing debt and lender from
                previous owner
           22.  No choice--financed through contractor/developer/prev.
                owner/builder and this was their financial institution/
                land contract 
           23.  No choice (n.e.c.)
           24.  Flexible loan terms; choice of loan terms
           25.  Handled VA loans
           26.  Participated in first time buyer program
           27.  Government-sponsored program n.e.c.
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2)

           NOTE; SHOW CARD 5 contained a vertical column of the
           following items: "Recommended," "Low interest rates,"
           "Location of offices," "Other business with them," "Easier
           to quality," " Other reason."

X918(#2)   Was the money from this loan used for the purchase of this
X1018(#3)  home or for some other purpose?

            1.  Home purchase
            3.  Home improvements
            See LOAN PURPOSE MASTER CODE LIST at X6723 for other codes
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1; no second mortgage: X830^=1/no third 
                mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1)


X820(#1)   Is this an adjustable rate loan; that is, does it have 
X920(#2)   an interest rate that can rise or fall from time to time?
X1020(#3)
           Is this an adjustable rate mortgage; that is, does it have 
           an interest rate that can rise or fall from time to time?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2/no second mortgage: X830^=1/
                no third mortgage: X931^=1 or (X723=5 and X830^=1)


X821(#1)   Does the change in your interest rate depend on some other
           interest rate?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)


X822(#1)   On what other rate does it depend?

            1.  Consumer Price Index (CPI); "cost of living
            2.  GNP (Gross National Product)  Deflater
            3.  Prime (interest) Rate
            4.  Treasury Bill Rate (T-Bill rate)
            5.  "Current rate"  or "going rate" -- NFS
            6.  District/regional rate
            7.  Other index; index NEC
            8.  CD rate
            9.  Other rate
           11.  FHLBB (Federal Home Loan Bank Board)
           12.  FSLIC (Federal Savings and Loan Ins. Corp)
           13.  Ginny Mae rate
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)


           How often can your interest rate change?             

X823(#1)   Code number of times
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)

X824(#1)   Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly; every two months
           13.  Every three years
           15.  Continuously floating rate/whenever rate changes
           16.  Per 7 years
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           25.  Every two years
           26.  Every four years
           27.  Every five years
           28.  Every ten years
           30.  At seven years
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)


X825(#1)   When the interest rate on your mortgage changes, does the
           size of your monthly payments also change?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)


X826(#1)   What is the most the rate can rise at any one time?     
           (POINTS = PERCENTAGE POINTS)       

           Code percent * 100
           -2.  No limit
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)


X828(#1)   What was the interest rate on this mortgage when you first
           got it?

           Code percent * 100
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)


X827(#1)   What is the highest the rate can go up to over the life 
           of the loan?
           INTERVIEWER: WE WANT THE HIGHEST RATE ALLOWED, NOT THE MAXIMUM
           AMOUNT BY WHICH THE RATE COULD RISE.

           Code percent * 100
           -2.  No limit
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)


X829(#1)   Is this a convertible mortgage; that is do you have an
           option to convert it to a mortgage with a fixed interest rate?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no first mortgage: X723^=1 or 2; not adjustable rate: X820^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER  LOAN USED TO PURCHASE PROPERTY
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1032      Do you owe money on any other loans used for the purchase of 
           this property, such as loans from relatives or the seller?  

           Do you owe money on any loans used for the purchase of 
           this property, such as loans from relatives or the seller?  

           Do you and your family living here owe money on any other loans 
           used for the purchase of this property, such as loans from 
           relatives or the seller?

           Do you and your family living here owe money on any loans 
           used for the purchase of this property, such as loans from 
           relatives or the seller?

           (Please do not include any home equity lines of credit.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1)


           In what month and year was this loan taken out?

X1033      Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X1034      Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1)



X1035      How much was borrowed, not including finance charges?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1)


X1036      Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed
           dollar amount each month for a fixed number of months until
           the loan is repaid, or some other kind?

            1.  Regular installment
            2.  Other kind
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1)


           How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
           the loan was received?

X1038      Code number of years
           -1.  No set number of years
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; not a
                regular loan: X1036^=1)

X1037      Code number of payments
           -1.  No set number of payments
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; not a
                regular loan: X1036^=1)

X9160      Recode: term of loan in months
           -1.  No set number of years/payments
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years/payments
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; not a
                regular loan: X1036^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X1039      How much are the payments?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; not a
                regular loan: X1036^=1; no set number of payments:
                X1038=-1)

X7567      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often are they made?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; not a
                regular loan: X1036^=1; no set number of payments:
                X1038=-1)


X1040      What is the typical payment?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; regular
                loan and regular payments: X1036=1 and X1039>0)

X1041      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is it made?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; regular
                loan and regular payments: X1036=1 and X1039>0)


X7566      Are you paying off this loan ahead of schedule, behind
           schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?

            1.  On schedule
            2.  Ahead of schedule
            3.  Behind schedule
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; not regular
                loan: X1036^=1; no regular payment: X1039<=0)


           In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?

X1042      Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; payments on
                schedule: X7566=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X1043      Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1; payments on
                schedule: X7566=1)


X1044      How much is still owed on this loan?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1)


X1045      What is the current annual rate of interest being charged
           on this loan?

           Code percent * 100
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1)


X1046      Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any
           of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
           someplace else?   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
           (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
           (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
           INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1)

X9086      Recode: type of institution

            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no other loan for home purchase: X1032^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
LINES OF CREDIT
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1101      Do you have any lines of credit, not counting credit cards
           or business lines of credit?  Please include such lines of
           credit even if you are not currently drawing against them.  

           Do you have a home equity line of credit or any other lines
           of credit, not counting credit cards or business lines of
           credit?  Please include such lines of credit even if you
           are not currently drawing against them.  

           Do you or anyone in your family living here have any lines
           of credit, not counting credit cards or business lines of
           credit?  Please include such lines of credit even if you
           are not currently drawing against them.

           Do you or anyone in your family living here have a home
           equity line of credit or any other lines of credit, not
           counting credit cards or business lines of credit?  Please
           include such lines of credit even if you are not currently
           drawing against them.

           (IF R ASKS: A LINE OF CREDIT IS A FORMAL AGREEMENT WITH A
           LENDER THAT ALLOWS R TO BORROW UP TO AN AGREED UPON LIMIT
           AND PAY IT OFF AS R DESIRES.  A HOME EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT
           IS A LINE OF CREDIT SECURED BY THE EQUITY IN R'S HOME.) 

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X1102      How many lines of credit do you have?

           How many lines of credit do you and your family living here
           have?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************

X6686      Originally reported value of X1102 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first line of credit
#2 refers to second line of credit
#3 refers to third line of credit
#4 refers to all remaining lines of credit
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1103(#1)  Is this line of credit secured by the equity in your home?
X1114(#2)
X1125(#3)  Is the largest line of credit secured by the equity in your home?

           Is the next line of credit secured by the equity in your home?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3;
                does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1)


X1105(#1)  Are you currently borrowing any money against this line of
X1116(#2)  credit?
X1127(#3)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3)


X7141(#1)  How much did you borrow the most recent time you used this
X7142(#2)  line?
X7143(#3)
           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3;
                not currently borrowing: X1105^=1/X1116^=1/X1127^=1)


X1106(#1)  What was the money used for?  (What was its major use?)
X1117(#2)
X1128(#3)  See LOAN PURPOSE MASTER CODE LIST at X6723
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3;
                not currently borrowing: X1105^=1/X1116^=1/X1127^=1)


X1108(#1)  How much is currently owed?
X1119(#2)
X1130(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3;
                not currently borrowing: X1105^=1/X1116^=1/X1127^=1)


X1109(#1)  What is the typical payment?
X1120(#2)
X1131(#3)  Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3;
                not currently borrowing: X1105^=1/X1116^=1/X1127^=1)

X1110(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X1121(#2)  And how often is it made?
X1132(#3)
           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month 
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  In total
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3;
                not currently borrowing: X1105^=1/X1116^=1/X1127^=1)


X1111(#1)  What is the current annual rate of interest being charged
X1122(#2)  on this loan?
X1133(#3)
           Code percent * 100
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3;
                not currently borrowing: X1105^=1/X1116^=1/X1127^=1)


X1112(#1)  (Please look at the Institutions Card.)  Is this line of
X1123(#2)  credit with any of the institutions on the Institutions
X1134(#3)  Card, or from someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which
           institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution
           is that?)  (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE
           IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3)

X9087(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9088(#2)
X9089(#3)   See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3)


X1104(#1)  What is the maximum amount you could borrow on this 
X1115(#2)  line of credit (including what you owe now)?  
X1126(#3)
           What is the maximum amount you could borrow on this line of
           credit?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: X1101=5/no second line of
                credit: X1102<2/no third line of credit: X1102<3)


X1136(#4)  What is the total amount that you currently owe on all
           other remaining lines of credit?

           What is the total amount that you and your family living
           here currently owe on all other remaining lines of credit?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no lines of credit: fewer than four lines
                credit: X1102<4)

X8401(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not have any lines of credit: X1101=5;
                fewer than four lines of credit: X1102<4; did not
                break off early in grid)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
HOME IMPROVEMENTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1201      Have you ever made any major additions or done extensive 
           remodeling to this property?

           Have you and your family living here ever made any major 
           additions or done extensive remodeling to this property?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1)


X1202      Roughly what was the total cost of all remodeling or
           additions to this property?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1)


X1203      Other than what I have already recorded, do you owe any
           money on loans taken out for these projects?

           Other than what I have already recorded, do you or your
           family living here owe any money on loans taken out for
          these projects?
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1)


           In what month and year was the most recent loan taken out?

X1204      Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no home improvement loan:
                X1203^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X1205      Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no home improvement loan:
                X1203^=1)


X1206      How much was borrowed, not including finance charges?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no home improvement loan:
                X1203^=1)


X1207      Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed
           dollar amount each month for a fixed number of months until
           the loan is repaid, or some other kind?

            1.  Regular installment
            2.  Other kind
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no home improvement loan:
                X1203^=1)


           How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
           the loan was received?

X1209      Code number of years
           -1.  No set number of years
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no home improvement loan:
                X1203^=1; not a regular loan: X1207^=1)

X1208      Code number of payments
           -1.  No set number of payments
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no home improvement loan:
                X1203^=1; not a regular loan: X1207^=1)

X9161      Recode: term of loan in months
           -1.  No set number of years/payments
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years/payments
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no home improvement loan:
                X1203^=1; not a regular loan: X1207^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X1210      How much are the payments?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no home improvement loan:
                X1203^=1; not a regular loan: X1207^=1;
                no set number of payments: X1209=-1)

X7565      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often are they made?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1; not a regular loan: X1207^=1;
                no set number of payments: X1209=-1)


X1211      What is the typical payment?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1; not a regular loan and regular
                payments: X1210>0)

X1212      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is it made?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1; not a regular loan and regular
                payments: X1210>0)


X7564      Are you paying off this loan ahead of schedule, behind
           schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?

            1.  On schedule
            2.  Ahead of schedule
            3.  Behind schedule
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1; not a regular loan: X1207^=1;
                no regular payment: X1210<=0)


           In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?

X1213      Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1; payments on schedule: X7564=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X1214      Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1; payments on schedule: X7564=1)


X1215      How much is still owed on this loan?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1)


X1216      What is the current annual rate of interest being charged
           on this loan?

           Code percent * 100
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1)


X1217      Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any
           of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
           someplace else?   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
           (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
           (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
           INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1)

X9090(#1)  Recode: type of institution

            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and X7133^=1;
                no improvements: X1201^=1; no loan for home
                improvements: X1203^=1)


X1218      Do you owe money on more than one loan for home additions
           or improvements to this property?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1; no improvements: X1201^=1; no home
                improvement loan: X1203^=1)


X1219      Altogether, how much is still owed on all other loans for
           additions or improvements to this property?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1; no improvements: X1201^=1; no home
                improvement loan: X1203^=1; no additional home
                improvement loans: X1218^=1)


X1220      Altogether, how much are the payments?

           Code amount
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1; no improvements: X1201^=1; no home
                improvement loan: X1203^=1; no additional home
                improvement loans: X1218^=1)

X1221      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often are they made?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1; no improvements: X1201^=1; no home
                improvement loan: X1203^=1; no additional home
                improvement loans: X1218^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
RENT OUT ANY PORTION OF PROPERTY
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1223      Do you rent out any portion of this (house or
           lot/apartment/mobile/home/building) to others?

           Do you or anyone in your family here rent out any portion
           of this (house or lot/apartment/mobile home/building) to
           others?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1; R lives on farm: X501=4 or 5)


X1224      How much rent do you collect?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1; R lives on farm: X501=4 or 5; does not rent
                part of home: X1223^=1)

X1225      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount collected?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month 
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  No rent collected
            0.  Inap. (Does not own any part of HU: X508^=1 or 2 and
                X601^=1, 2, or 3 and X701^=1, 3, 4, 5, or 6 and
                X7133^=1; R lives on farm: X501=4 or 5; does not rent
                part of home: X1223^=1)



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
LAND CONTRACTS AND NOTES GIVEN BY R
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1401      Have you ever sold any real estate for which you loaned
           money to the buyer?  Please include accepting a note, land
           contract, or mortgage from the buyer.

           Have you or anyone in your family living here ever sold
           any real estate for which you loaned money to the buyer?
           Please include accepting a note, land contract, or mortgage
           from the buyer.

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X1402      Does the buyer still owe you money on any of these notes, 
           land contracts, or mortgages?

           Does the buyer still owe your family money on any of these
           notes, land contracts, or mortgages?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5)


X1403      Altogether, on how many such loans are you owed money?

           Altogether, on how many such loans is your family owed money?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 15
           *********************************************


X6687      Originally reported value of X1403 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 15
           *********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first loan
#2 refers to second loan
#3 refers to third loan
#4 refers to all remaining loans
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1404(#1)  About this loan, is it a land contract, a mortgage, or
X1504(#2)  something else?
X1604(#3)
           About the largest loan, is it a land contract, a mortgage,

           About the next largest loan, is it a land contract, a
           mortgage, or something else?

            1.  land contract/lease purchase
            2.  mortgage
            3.  something else
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3)


X1405(#1)  How much are you owed on this note?
X1505(#2)
X1605(#3)  How much are you and your family owed on this note?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is land contract or
                mortgage: X1401=1 or 2/X1504=1 or 2/X1604=1 or 2)


           In what month and year was this loan taken out?

X1406(#1)  Code month
X1506(#2)   1.  January
X1606(#3)   2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X1407(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X1507(#2)   0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
X1607(#3)       loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2)


X1408(#1)  How much money did you lend the borrower?
X1508(#2)
X1608(#3)  How much money did your family lend the borrower?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2)



X1409(#1)  How much is still owed on this loan?
X1509(#2)
X1609(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2)


X1410(#1)  How much are the loan payments?
X1510(#2)
X1610(#3)  Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payments
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2)

X1411(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X1511(#2)  And how often are they due?
X1611(#3)
           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month 
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  In total
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payments
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2)


           When the loan was taken out, was it agreed upon that there
           were going to be a number of years , a number of payments,
           or was there no set number of years or payments?


X1412(#1)  Code number of years
X1512(#2)  -1.  No set number of years
X1612(#3)   0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2;
                number of payments given: X1413>0/X1513>0/X1613>0)

X1413(#1)  Code number of payments
X1513(#2)  -1.  No set number of payments
X1613(#3)   0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2;
                number of years given: X1412>0/X1512>0/X1612>0)


X1414(#1)  Will the regular payments pay off the loan completely or
X1514(#2)  will there be a balance payable or "balloon" when the loan
X1614(#3)  is due?

            1.  REPAID COMPLETELY
            5.  BALANCE PAYABLE OR BALLOON
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2;
                no set number of payments: X1413=-1/X1513=-1/X1613=-1)


X1415(#1)  What will the balance payable or balloon payment be?
X1515(#2)
X1615(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; loan is not land contract
                or mortgage: X1401^=1 or 2/X1504^=1 or 2/X1604^=1 or 2;
                no set number of payments: X1413=-1/X1513=-1/X1613=-1;
                no balloon payment: X1414^=5/X1514^=5/X1614^=5)



X1416(#1)  Do you still owe any money on loans for this property?
X1516(#2)
X1616(#3)  Do you or your family living here still owe any money
           on loans for this property?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3)


X1417(#1)  How much do you still owe?
X1517(#2)
X1617(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1/fewer than 2 loans: X1403<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X1403<3; R owes no money on property
                X1416^=1/X1516^=1/X1616^=1)


X1619(#4)  About how much in total is owed to you on the remaining
           notes, land contracts, or mortgages?

           About how much in total is owed to your family on the
           remaining notes, land contracts, or mortgages?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1; fewer than 4 loans: X1403<4)

X8402(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1; did not break off early in
                grid)


X1620(#4)  Do you still owe any money on loans for these other
           properties?

           Do you or your family here still owe any money on loans
           for these other properties?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1; fewer than 4 loans: X1403<4)

X8403(#4)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1; did not break off early in
                grid)


X1621(#4)  Altogether how much do you still owe?

           Altogether how much does your family still owe?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1; fewer than 4 loans: X1403<4;
                R owes no money on properties: X1620^=1)

X8404(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (Never made any such loans: X1401=5; no such
                loans currently: X1402^=1; did not break off early in
                grid; no money owed on properties underlying loans:
                X8403^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
INVESTMENT REAL ESTATE AND VACATION PROPERTIES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1700      Do you own any (other) real estate such as a lot, vacation
           home, timeshare, apartment building, commercial property, or
           other investment property, including properties owned in
           partnership with other people?

           Do you or anyone in your family living here own any (other)
           real estate such as a lot, vacation home, timeshare,
           apartment building, commercial property, or other investment
           property, including properties owned in partnership with
           other people?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X7555      Are any of these properties owned by a business?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5)


X1701      How many properties that are not owned by a business do
           you own or have an interest in?  

           How many properties that are not owned by a business do you
           and your family living here own or have an interest in?

           Earlier you told me you own your home separately from the
           other unit you own on the property.  Please include the
           rest of the property here.

           Earlier you told me you own your home separately from the
           other units you own on the property.  Please include the
           rest of the property here.

           Code number
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 20
           *********************************************


X6688      Originally reported value of X1701 (see introduction)

           Code number
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 20
           *********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first property
#2 refers to second property
#3 refers to third property
#4 refers to all remaining vacation properties
#5 refers to all remaining properties other than vacation properties
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X1703(#1)  I want to ask first about the property where you live.
X1803(#2)  In the questions that follow, please give me the amounts
X1903(#3)  for the building excluding your unit.

           I want to ask about the property where you live.
           In the questions that follow, please give me the amounts
           for the building excluding your unit.

           I want to ask first about the most valuable property.

           About the property.....

           About the next most valuable property.....

           What type of property is this?

            10.  Farm/Ranch -- any mention
            11.  Land only:  Lot, tract, acreage; building lots; "farmland"
            12.  Land and (seasonal) residence (exc. 14); "house + 50 acres"
            13.  Land and some other type of structure
            14.  Land and trailer/mobile home
            21.  Seasonal/vacation house (winter/summer home; cottage; etc.)
            22.  Trailer/Mobile Home
            24.  Mobile home park
            25.  Time-share ownership -- any
            40.  One single family house
            41.  Multiple single family houses
            42.  Duplex 2 unit residence
            43.  Triplex - 3 unit residence
            44.  Fourplex - 4 unit residence
            45.  5 or more unit residence
            46.  "Apartment house" -- NA # of units; "rental" units or
                 property NFS
            47.  Other business/commercial property (exc. 41-46)
            48.  Business/commercial and residentaial combination
            49.  Condominium
            50.  Residential
            51.  Garage
            52.  Burial lot
            -7.  Other, including combinations
           999.  Misc. vacation property mapped from mop-up question
             0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                 by a business: X1701=-1)
           *******************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODES 12, 13, 14, 22, AND
              24 ARE COMBINED WITH 12; CODE 25 IS COMBINED WITH
              21; CODES 43 AND 44 COMBINED WITH 42; CODE 48 IS
              COMBINED WITH 47; CODE 46 IS COMBINED WITH 45;
              CODE 52 IS COMBINED WITH -7.
           *******************************************************



X1704(#1)  Is this property owned by you, is it owned jointly with
X1804(#2)  others, owned by a partnership, is it a timeshare, or what?
X1904(#3)
           Is this property owned by you and your family living here,
           is it owned jointly with others, owned by a partnership,
           is it a timeshare, or what?

            1.  OWNED BY R (AND FAMILY LIVING THERE)
            2.  OWNED JOINTLY
            3.  PARTNERSHIP; limited partnership
            4.  REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST (REIT)
            5.  TIMESHARE
            8.  Property moved from mopup and assumed to be all R's (value
                collected in mopup is R's share)
           10.  Corporation NEC
           -7.  Other; including combinations
             0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                 by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                 fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)


X1705(#1)  What percentage of the property do you own?
X1805(#2)
X1905(#3)  What percentage of the property do you and your family
           living here own?

           Code percent * 100
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)
           NOTE: For timeshares, ownership is always taken as 100 percent.


X1706(#1)  How much in total is this timeshare worth?
X1806(#2)
X1906(#3)  How much in total is this property worth?

           I mean, what would it bring if it were sold today?

           INTERVIEWER: WE WANT THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE PROPERTY, NOT
           JUST R'S SHARE. (asked if property not a time share)

           Code value
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)


           In what month and year did you first purchase this property?

           In what month and year did you first purchase any part of 
           this property?

           In what month and year did you first purchase this timeshare?

           (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  

X1707(#1)   Code month
X1807(#2)   1.  January
X1907(#3)   2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X1708(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X1808(#2)   0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
X1908(#3)       by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)
           **************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, BOTTOM-CODED AT 1920
           **************************************************


X1710(#1)  CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
X1810(#2)   1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
X1910(#3)   5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)


X1709(#1)  What was the value of the property when received?
X1809(#2)
X1909(#3)  What was the purchase price of your timeshare?

           What was the total purchase price?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)


X1711(#1)  Are there any outstanding loans or mortgages on this timeshare?
X1811(#2)
X1911(#3)  Are there any outstanding loans or mortgages on this property?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)


           In what month and year did you obtain or last refinance the loan?

X1712#1)  Code month
X1812(#2)   1.  January
X1912(#3)   2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X1713(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X1813(#2)   0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
X1913(#3)       by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)


X1714(#1)  How much was borrowed or refinanced for your timeshare?
X1814(#2)
X1914(#3)  In total, how much was borrowed or refinanced?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)


X1715(#1)  How much is still owed?
X1815(#2)
X1915(#3)  In total, how much is still owed?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)


           How many years or what number of payments were agreed upon
           when the loan was taken out?

           In total, how many years or what number of payments were
           agreed upon when the loan was taken out?

X1716(#1)  Code number of years
X1816(#2)  -1.  No set number of years
X1916(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)

X1717(#1)  Code number of payments
X1817(#2)  -1.  No set number of payments
X1917(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)

X9157(#1)  Recode: Term of loan in months
X9158(#2)
X9159(#3)  Code months
           -1.  No set number of years/payments
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments/years
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X1718(#1)  How much are the payments?
X1818(#2)
X1918(#3)  In total, how much are the payments?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payments
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; no set number of payments:
                X1716=-1/X1816=-1/X1916=-1)

X1719(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X1819(#2)  And how often are they due?
X1919(#3)
           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23. 13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24. Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; no set number of payments:
                X1716=-1/X1816=-1/X1916=-1)

X1723(#1)  What is the typical payment?
X1823(#2)  -1.  None
X1923(#3)  -2.  NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; set number of payments and
                positive amount of payments: X1716^=-1 and X1718>0/
                /X1816^=-1 ad X1818>0/X1916^=-1 and X1918>0)

X1724(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X1824(#2)  And how often is it made?
X1924(#3)
           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23.  13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24.  Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; set number of payments and
                positive amount of payments: X1716^=-1 and X1718>0/
                /X1816^=-1 ad X1818>0/X1916^=-1 and X1918>0)


X1720(#1)  Does this amount include property taxes or insurance?
X1820(#2)  INTERVIEWER: PROBE FOR WHICH.
X1920(#3
            1.  Taxes only
            2.  Insurance only
            3.  Both
            4.  Neither
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; no typical payment:
                X1723=-1 or -1/X1823=-1 or -2/X1923=-1 or -2)


X1721(#1)  Will the regular payments repay the loan completely or will
X1821(#2)  there  be a balance payable, or "balloon" payment when the
X1921(#3)  loan is due?

            1.  Repay completely
            5.  Balloon
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; no typical payment:
                X1723=-1 or -1/X1823=-1 or -2/X1923=-1 or -2)


X1722(#1)  What will the balance due or balloon payment be?
X1822(#2)
X1922(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; no typical payment:
                X1723=-1 or -1/X1823=-1 or -2/X1923=-1 or -2; no
                balloon payment: X1721^=2/X1821^=2/X1921^=2)


X7554(#1)  Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind
X7553(#2)  schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?
X7552(#3)
            1.  On schedule
            2.  Ahead of schedule
            3.  Behind schedule
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; no set number of payments:
                X1716=-1/X1816=-1/X1916=-1; no typical payment:
                X1723=-1 or -1/X1823=-1 or -2/X1923=-1 or -2)


X1725(#1)  When do you expect this loan to be repaid?
X1825(#2)
X1925(#3)  Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1; no set number of payments:
                X1716=-1/X1816=-1/X1916=-1; loan on schedule: X7554=1/
                X7553=1/X7552=1)


X1726(#1)  What is the current annual interest rate being charged on
X1826(#2)  the loan?
X1926(#3)
           Code percent * 100
           -1.  No interest
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)


X1727(#1)  Does this loan have an adjustable rate?  That is, does it
X1827(#2)  have an interest rate that can rise and fall from time to time?
X1927(#3)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)


X1728(#1)  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any
X1828(#2)  of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
X1928(#3)  someplace else?   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
           (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
           (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
           INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)

X9099(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9100(#2)
X9101(#3)  See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no loan on property:
                X1711^=1/X1811^=1/X1911^=1)


X1729(#1)  Did you receive any income from this property in 1994?
X1829(#2)
X1929(#3)  Did your family living here receive any income from this 
           property in 1994?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3)


X1730(#1)  How much gross income did you receive?
X1830(#2)
X1930(#3)  How much gross income did your family receive?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1/fewer than 2 properties: X1701<2/
                fewer than 3 properties: X1701<3; no income from property:
                X1719^-1/X1819^=1/X1929^=1)


X2001(#4)  About the remaining properties that you own, are any of these 
           vacation homes or land you use for recreational purposes?
           About the remaining properties that you and your family
           living here own, are any of these vacation homes or land
           you use for recreational purposes?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4)

X8405(#4)  Original value of total for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid)


X2002(#4)  How much in total is your share of these vacation homes or 
           recreational property worth?

           How much in total is your family's share of these vacation 
           homes or recreational property worth?

           Code value
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1)

X8406(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1)


X2003(#4)  What was your total purchase price for these properties?

           What was your family's total purchase price for these
           properties?
           (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.)  

           Code value
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation:
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1)

X8407(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1)


X2004(#4)  CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1)

X8408(#4)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

           Code gift/inheritance
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1)


X2005(#4)  Are there any mortgages or loans outstanding against these
           vacation homes or recreational land?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1)

X8409(#4)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1)


X2006(#4)  Altogether, about how much is owed on your share of these 
           mortgages or loans?

           Altogether, about how much is owed on your family's share 
           of these mortgages or loans?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1; no loans on property: X2005^=1)

X8410(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1;
                no mortgages on residual vacation properties: X8409^=1)


X2007(#4)  How much are the payments on these loans or mortgages?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payments
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1; no loans on property: X2005^=1)

X2008(#4)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23. 13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24. Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1; no loans on property: X2005^=1)


X8411(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1;
                no mortgages on residual vacation properties: X8409^=1)


X8412(#4)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23. 13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24. Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1;
                no mortgages on residual vacation properties: X8409^=1)


X2009(#4)  Did you receive any income in 1994 from renting out these 
           vacation homes or recreational land?

           Did you or your family living here receive any income in 1994 
           from renting out these vacation homes or recreational land?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1)

X8413(#4)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1)


X2010(#4)  Altogether, how much gross income did you receive?

           Altogether, how much gross income did your family receive?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; 4 or more properties, but no vacation
                properties beyond 3rd property: X1701>=4 and
                X2001^=1; no income from property: X2009^=1)

X8414(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no vacation properties among residual: X8405^=1;
                no rental income on residual vacation properties X8413^=1)


X2011(#5)  Are there any remaining properties you own that you have
           not told me details about?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4)

X8415(#5)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid)


X2012(#5)  For the remaining properties that you own, about how much
           in total is your share worth?  I mean, what could you sell
           them for?

           For the remaining properties that you own, about how much
           in total is your family's share worth?  I mean, what could
           you sell them for?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1)

X8416(#5)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1)


X2013(#5)  About how much was your total purchase price for these
           properties?

           About how much was your family's total purchase price for
           these properties?

           (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.)  

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1)

X8417(#5)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1)


X2014(#5)  CODE GIFT/INHERITANCE
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1)

X8418(#5)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

           Code gift/inheritance
            1.  GIFT/INHERITANCE
            5.  R PURCHASED
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1)


X2015(#5)  Are there mortgages or loans outstanding against these
           properties?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1)

X8419(#5)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1)


X2016(#5)  Altogether, about how much is owed on your share of these 
           mortgages or loans?

           Altogether, about how much is owed on your family's share of 
           these mortgages or loans?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1;
                no loans on property: X2015^=1)

X8420(#5)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1;
                no mortgages on remaining properites:  X8419^=1)


X2017(#5)  How much are the payments on these loans or mortgages?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1;
                no loans on property: X2015^=1)


X2018(#5)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23. 13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24. Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1;
                no loans on property: X2015^=1)

X8421(#5)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1;
                no mortgages on remaining properites:  X8419^=1)

X8422(#5)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23.  13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24.  Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1;
                no mortgages on remaining properites:  X8419^=1)


X2019(#5)  Did you receive any income in 1994 from renting out any of 
           these properties?

           Did you or your family living here receive any income in 1994 
           from renting out any of these properties?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1)

X8423(#5)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1)


X2020(#5)  Altogether, how much gross income from these properties
           did you receive in 1994?

           Altogether, how much gross income from these properties
           did your family receive in 1994?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; fewer than 4 properties:
                X1701<4; no further properties: X2011^=1;
                no income from property: X2019^=1)

X8424(#5)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No properties: X1700=5; no properties not owned
                by a business: X1701=-1; did not break off early in
                grid; no remaining properties among residual: X8415^=1;
                no income from remaining properties: X8423^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
BUSINESSES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3101      DOES R OPERATE A FARM/RANCH BUSINESS ON THEIR PROPERTY?
           (Coded automatically by CAPI program: X503=1 implies YES,
           otherwise NO)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3103      Now I would like to ask you about businesses you may own.  Do
           you own or share ownership in any privately-held businesses,
           farms, professional practices, limited partnerships or any
           other types of partnerships?  Do not include corporations with
           publicly-traded stock or any property partnerships that have
           already been recorded earlier.

           Now I would like to ask you about businesses you may own.  Do
           you and your family living here own or share ownership in any
           privately-held businesses, farms, professional practices,
           limited partnerships or any other types of partnerships?  Do
           not include corporations with publicly-traded stock or any
           property partnerships that have already been recorded earlier.

             1.  YES
             5.  NO
             (value set to YES when R reported having a farm business:
             X3101=YES)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ACTIVELY MANAGED BUSINESSES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3104      Do you have an active management role in any of these
           businesses?

           Do you or anyone in your family living here have an active
           management role in any of these businesses?

           INTERVIEWER:  INCLUDE THE GENERAL PARTNERS IN A LIMITED
           PARTNERSHIP, BUT NOT THE LIMITED PARTNERS.  IF R OWNS A
           HOLDING COMPANY OR MANAGED INVESTMENTS ACOUNTS, REPORT THE
           COMPONENTS SEPARATELY.

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap.  (no businesses: X3103^=1)
            (value set to YES when R reported having a farm business:
            X3101=YES)


X3105      Including your (farm/ranch) business here, in how many
           (farms/ranches), privately-held businesses, professional
           practices, limited partnerships, or any other types of
           partnership do you own or share ownership in and have an
           active management role?  Do not include corporations with
           publicly-traded stock or any property partnerships that
           have already been recorded earlier.

           Including your (farm/ranch) business here, in how many
           (farms/ranches), privately-held businesses, professional
           practices, limited partnerships, or any other types of
           partnership do you or your family living here own or share
           ownership in and have an active management role?  Do not
           include corporations with publicly-traded stock or any
           property partnerships that have already been recorded
           earlier.

           INTERVIEWER:  INCLUDE THE GENERAL PARTNERS IN A LIMITED
           PARTNERSHIP, BUT NOT THE LIMITED PARTNERS.  IF R OWNS A
           HOLDING COMPANY OR MANAGED INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTS, REPORT THE
           COMPONENTS SEPARATELY. 

           In how many businesses do you have an active management role?

           In how many businesses do you or anyone in your family
           living here have an active management role?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1)


           I will ask you first about your (farm/ranch) business.
           When we talk about the value of (farm/ranch) assets and
           liabilities here, we are referring to (farm/ranch)
           implements, livestock, crops, etc., and operating loans
           other than your mortgages.
           INTERVIEWER: DO NOT INCLUDE THE VALUE OF THE PROPERTIES
           AND LOANS ALREADY RECORDED.
           **********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 25
           **********************************************


X6689      Originally reported value of X3105 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1)
           **********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 25
           **********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first actively managed business
#2 refers to second actively managed business
#3 refers to third actively managed business
#4 refers to all remaining actively managed businesses
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3107(#1)  What kind of business is it/the largest business/the next
X3207(#2)  business/that is, what does the business make of do?
X3307(#3)
            1.  Farm; nursery; train dogs; forest management;
                agricultural services; landscaping
            2.  Restaurant; bar
            3.  Auto repair; car wash
            4.  Direct sales:  Amway; Avon; Mary Kay; Tupperware;
                Stanley Home Products
            5.  Contracting; construction services; plastering;
                painting; plumbing
            6.  Real Estate; insurance
            7.  Professional practice, incl. law, medicine,
                architecture; accounting; bookkeeping
            8.  Beauty shop; barber shop
            9.  Manufacturing, incl. printing/publishing
           10.  Gas station
           11.  Food/liquor stores
           12.  Other retail and/or wholesale business (exc. 02, 04, 10, 11)
           13.  Trucking; moving and storage; warehousing
           14.  Repair services (exc. auto, 03)
           15.  Personal services; (exc. beauty shop, code 08) hotel,
                dry cleaners, etc.
           16.  Entertainment services, incl. movie house, dance studio, etc
           17.  Business management and consulting services
           18.  Other business services (exc. 17):  advertising,
                equipment rental, computer programming, auctioneering,
                pest control, industrial recycling
           19.  Banks and brokerage firms; mortage/finance company
           20.  Communications; cable tv or radio stations
           21.  Mining, extraction; oil, gas and water services
           22.  Art, crafts, related areas
           23.  Writing, training, speaking services
           24.  Transportation services (exc. 13), parking
           -7.  Other; incl. foreign-operated business
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)
           ******************************************************
             THE FOLLOWING NEW CATEGORIES HAVE CREATED FOR THE
             PUBLIC DATASET:
             IF (business type=1) THEN newcode=1;
             ELSE IF (business type=5 or 21) THEN newcode=2;
             ELSE IF (business type=9 or 22) THEN newcode=3;
             ELSE IF (business type=2, 4, 10, 11, or 12) THEN
               newcode=4;
             ELSE IF (business type=3, 6, 16, 18, or 19) THEN
                newcode=5;
             ELSE IF (business type=7, 8, 13, 14, 15, 17, 20,
               23, or 24) THEN newcode=6;
           ******************************************************


X3108(#1)  How did you first acquire this business; was it bought or
X3208(#2)  invested in, started by you, inherited, given to you, or what?
X3308(#3)
           How did you or your family living here first acquire this
           business; was it bought or invested in, started by you,
           inherited, given to you, or what?

            1.  BOUGHT/INVEST
            2.  STARTED
            3.  INHERITED
            4.  GIVEN
            5.  Joined/became partner/promotion
           -7.  OTHER
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)
           ******************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 4 HAS BEEN COMBINED
              WITH CODE 3
           ******************************************************


X3110(#1)  In what year did you start the business?
X3210(#2)
X3310(#3)  In what year did you acquire the business?

           Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X3111(#1)  How many employees does it have including you?
X3211(#2)
X3311(#3)  How many employees does it have including you and members
           of your family?

           Code number
           -1.  No one working in business; business is about to
                be sold
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)
           *************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5,000
           *************************************************


X3112(#1)  INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT
X3212(#2)   1.  R LIVES ALONE
X3312(#3)   2.  ALL OTHERS
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


           Which members of your family living here work in or
           participate in the operation of the business?
           INTERVIEWER:  CODE ALL THAT APPLY


X3113(#1)  RESPONDENT
X3213(#2)
X3313(#3)   1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)

X3114(#1)  SPOUSE/PARTNER
X3214(#2)
X3314(#3)   1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)

X3115(#1)  ADULT CHILD; child; child-in-law; grandchild
X3215(#2)
X3315(#3)   1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)

X3116(#1)  OTHER ADULT IN HOUSEHOLD
X3216(#2)
X3316(#3)   1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)

X3117(#1)  OTHER                          --> -7
X3217(#2)
X3317(#3)   1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; R lives alone: X101=1)


X3118(#1)  Other than you and your (spouse/partner), how many hours
X3218(#2)  does the other family member work in this business in a
X3318(#3)  normal week?

           Other than you and your (spouse/partner), how many hours
           does the most involved family member work in this business
           in a normal week?

           Other than you, how many hours does the other family member
           work in this business in a normal week?

           Other than you, how many hours does the most involved
           family member work in this business in a normal week?

           How many hours does the other family member work in this
           business in a normal week?

           How many hours does the most involved family member work in
           this business in a normal week?

           Code number of hours
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; R lives alone: X101=1; no one
                in PEU besides R/Spouse work in business: X3115^=1 and
                X3116^=1 and X3117^=1/X3215^=1 and X3216^=1 and
                X3217^=1/X3315^=1 and X3316^=1 and X3317^=1/)


X3119(#1)  Is it a partnership, a sole proprietorship, a subchapter S
X3219(#2)  corporation, another type of corporation, or what?
X3319(#3)
            1.  PARTNERSHIP
            2.  SOLE PROPRIETORSHIP
            3.  SUBCHAPTER S
            4.  OTHER CORPORATION (including C chapter corps)
            6.  Foreign business type
           11.  Limited partnership
           12.  Limited liability company
           -7.  OTHER; not a formal business type
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)
           ******************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 12 HAS BEEN COMBINED
              WITH CODE 11.
           ******************************************************



X3120(#1)  These next few questions are about the relationship between
X3220(#2)  your personal finances and the finances of your business.
X3320(#3)
           These next few questions are about the relationship between
           your family's personal finances and the finances of your
           family's business.

           Are you using personal assets as collateral or did you have to
           cosign or guarantee any loans for this business?

           Are you or your family living here using personal assets as
           collateral or did you have to cosign or guarantee any loans
           for this business?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X7144(#1)  Which of these did you do?  Collateralize a loan, guarantee
X7145(#2)  a loan, or both?
X7146(#3)
            1.  COLLATERALIZE
            2.  GUARANTEE
            3.  BOTH
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; did not guarantee or
                collateralize: X3120^=1/X3220^=1/X3320-^=1)


X3121(#1)  How much is collateralized?
X3221(#2)
X3321(#3)  How much is guaranteed?

           How much is guaranteed or collateralized?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; did not guarantee or
                collateralize: X3120^=1/X3220^=1/X3320-^=1)


X3122(#1)  Did I record this earlier?
X3222(#2)
X3322(#3)   1.  YES
            4.  R reported YES, but no apparent match in data
            5.  NO
            6.  R reported YES, partially recorded earlier
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; did not guarantee or
                collateralize: X3120^=1/X3220^=1/X3320-^=1)
           NOTE: where (X3122 X3222 X3322)=1, the amount of the loan
           is not edited out of the earlier location.  See model SAS
           code definition of net worth later in this codebook for one
           possible treatment.


X7551(#1)  Which loan was that?
X7550(#2)
X7549(#3)   1.  Credit Card
            2.  1st Mortgage
            3.  2nd Mortgage
            4.  Home Equity Loan
            5.  Line of Credit
            6.  Other Real Estate Loan
           13.  More than one mortgage on principal residence
           14.  Combination of line of credit and other real estate loan
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; did not guarantee or
                collateralize: X3120^=1/X3220^=1/X3320-^=1; loan not
                reported earlier: X3122^=1/X3221^=1/X3321^=1)


X3123(#1)  Other than guarantees, does the business owe you any money?
X3223(#2)
X3323(#3)  Does the business owe you any money?

           Other than guarantees, does the business owe you or your
           family living here any money?

           Does the business owe you or your family living here any
           money?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X3124(#1)  How much is owed?
X3224(#2)
X3324(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; business does not owe R any money:
                X3123^=1/X3223^=1/X3323^=1)


X3125(#1)  Do you owe the business any money?
X3225(#2)
X3325(#3)  Do you or your family living here owe the business any money?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X3126(#1)  How much do you owe?
X3226(#2)
X3326(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; R does not owe business any money:
                X3125^=1/X3225^=1/X3325^=1)


X3127(#1)  Did I record this earlier?
X3227(#2)
X3327(#3)   1.  YES
            4.  R reported YES, but no apparent match in data
            5.  NO
            6.  R reported YES, partially recorded earlier
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; R does not owe business any money:
                X3125^=1/X3225^=1/X3325^=1)
            Note: this variable was extensively edited to verify
            amounts reported earlier


X7548(#1)  When was it mentioned?
X7547(#2)
X7546(#3)   1.  Credit Card
            2.  1st Mortgage
            3.  2nd Mortgage
            4.  Home Equity Loan
            5.  Line of Credit
            6.  Other Real Estate Loan
           13.  More than one mortgage on principal residence
           14.  Combination of line of credit and other real estate loan
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3; R does not owe business any money:
                X3125^=1/X3225^=1/X3325^=1; amount owed to business
                not reported earlier: X3127^=1/X3227^=1/X3327^=1)


X3128(#1)  What percentage of the business do you own?
X3228(#2)
X3328(#3)  What percentage of the business do you and your family 
           living here own?

           Code percent * 100
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X3129(#1)  What is the net worth of this business?
X3229(#2)
X3329(#3)  What is the net worth of your share of this business?  
           What could you sell it for?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X3130(#1)  If you sold the business now, what would be the cost basis
X3230(#2)  for tax purposes of this share? (What was your original
X3330(#3)  investment)?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X3131(#1)  What were the gross receipts or gross sales of the business
X3231(#2)  as a whole in 1994?
X3331(#3)
           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X3132(#1)  What was the business's total net income before taxes in 1994?
X3232(#2)
X3332(#3)  Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1/fewer than 2 actively managed
                businesses: X3105<2/fewer than 3 actively managed
                businesses X3105<3)


X3335(#4)  For the remaining business you own and actively manage,
           what could you sell your share for? (What is your share
           worth?)

           For the remaining businesses you own and actively manage,
           what could you sell your share for? (What is your share
           worth?)

           For the remaining business you and your family living here
           own and actively manage, what could you sell your share
           for? (What is your share worth?)

           For the remaining businesses you and your family living
           here own and actively manage, what could you sell your
           share for? (What is your share worth?)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1; fewer than 4 actively managed 
                businesses: X3105<4)

X8425(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1; did not break off early in grid)


X3336(#4)  If you sold this business now, what would be the cost basis
           for tax purposes of your share? (What was your original
           investment?)

           If you sold these businesses now, what would be the cost
           basis for tax purposes of your share? (What was your
           original investment?)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1; fewer than 4 actively managed 
                businesses: X3105<4)

X8426(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1; did not break off early in grid)


X3337(#4)  What was the total net income you received from this
           business in 1994?

           What was the total net income you received from these
           businesses in 1994?

           What was the total net income you and your family living here
           (received from this business in 1994?/received from these
           businesses in 1994?)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1; fewer than 4 actively managed 
                businesses: X3105<4)

X8427(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no actively managed
                businesses: X3104^=1; did not break off early in grid)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
NON-ACTIVELY MANAGED BUSINESSES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3401      Do you own or have an interest in any other businesses or any
           type of partnership where you do not have an active management
           role?

           Do you or anyone in your family living here own or have an
           interest in any other businesses or any type of partnership
           where you do not have an active management role?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3402      How many of these businesses or partnerships do you own or
           share ownership in?

           How many of these businesses or partnerships do you and your
           family living here own or share ownership in?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 25
           *********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to limited partnerships
#2 refers to other partnerships
#3 refers to subchapter S corporations
#4 refers to other types of corporations
#5 refers to sole proprietorships
#6 refers to all other non-actively managed businesses
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Is it a sole-proprietorship, a limited partnership, another
           type of partnership, a Subchapter S corporation, another
           type of corporation, or what?

X3407(#1)  (I need to know what type of businesses these are.)
           Are any of them limited partnership?
X3411(#2)  Are any of them other partnership?
X3415(#3)  Are any of them subchapter S corporation?
X3419(#4)  Are any of them other corporation?
X3423(#5)  Are any of them sole proprietorship?
X3427(#6)  Are any of them some other kind of business?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1)
       

           What could you sell your share for? (What is it worth?)

           What could you sell your family's share for? (What is it worth?)

X3408(#1)  What could you sell your share of all these Limited
           Partnerships for? (What is it worth?)

           What could you sell your family's share of all these
           Limited Partnerships for? (What is it worth?)

X3412(#2)  What could you sell your share of all these Other
           partnerships for? (What is it worth?)

           What could you sell your family's share of all these Other
           partnerships for? (What is it worth?)

X3416(#3)  What could you sell your share of all these Subchapter S
           Corporations for? (What is it worth?)

           What could you sell your family's share of all these
           Subchapter S Corporations for? (What is it worth?)

X3420(#4)  What could you sell your share of all these Other
           Corporations for? (What is it worth?)

           What could you sell your family's share of all these Other
           Corporations for? (What is it worth?)

X3424(#5)  What could you sell your share of all these Sole
           Proprietorships for? (What is it worth?)

           What could you sell your family's share of all these Sole
           Proprietorships for? (What is it worth?)

X3428(#6)  What could you sell your share of all these (other type)
           for? (What is it worth?)

           What could you sell your family's share of all these (other
           type) for? (What is it worth?)

            Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses of type: X3407^=1/X3411^=1/X3415^=1/X3419^=1/
                X3423^=1/X3427^=1)

X8452      Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1 no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1; did not break off early in grid)


           If you sold this business now, what would be the cost basis
           for tax purposes? (What was your original investment?)

X3409(#1)  If you sold these Limited Partnerships now, what would be
           the cost basis for tax purposes? (What was your original
           investment?)

X3413(#2)  If you sold these Other partnerships now, what would be the
           cost basis for tax purposes? (What was your original
           investment?)

X3417(#3)  If you sold these Subchapter S Corporations now, what would
           be the cost basis for tax purposes? (What was your original
           investment?)

X3421(#4)  If you sold these Other Corporations now, what would be the
           cost basis for tax purposes? (What was your original
           investment?)

X3425(#5)  If you sold these Sole Proprietorships now, what would be the
           cost basis for tax purposes? (What was your original
           investment?)

X3429(#6)  If you sold these (other type) now, what would be the
           cost basis for tax purposes? (What was your original
           investment?)

            Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses of type: X3407^=1/X3411^=1/X3415^=1/X3419^=1/
                X3423^=1/X3427^=1)

X8453      Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1 no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1; did not break off early in grid)


           What was the total net income you received from this
           business in 1994?

           What was the total net income you and your family living here
           received from this business in 1994?

X3410(#1)  What was the total net income you received from all such 
           Limited Partnerships in 1994?

           What was the total net income you and your family living here
           received from all such Limited Partnerships in 1994?

X3414(#2)  What was the total net income you received from all such 
           Other partnerships in 1994?

           What was the total net income you and your family living here
           received from all such Other partnerships in 1994?

X3418(#3)  What was the total net income you received from all such
           Subchapter S Corporations in 1994?

           What was the total net income you and your family living here
           received from all such Subchapter S Corporations in 1994?

X3422(#4)  What was the total net income you received from all such 
           Other Corporations in 1994?

           What was the total net income you and your family living here
           received from all such Other Corporations in 1994?

X3426(#5)  What was the total net income you received from all such 
           Sole Proprietorships in 1994?

           What was the total net income you and your family living here
           received from all such Sole Proprietorships in 1994?

X3430(#6)  What was the total net income you received from all such 
           (other type) in 1994?

           What was the total net income you and your family living here
           received from all such (other type) in 1994?

            Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses of type: X3407^=1/X3411^=1/X3415^=1/X3419^=1/
                X3423^=1/X3427^=1)

X8454      Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1 no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1; did not break off early in grid)


X7545      Were you ever involved in the active management of the
           businesses?

           Were you ever involved in the active management of the
           business?

           Were you or any of your family living here ever involved in
           the active management of the businesses?

           Were you or any of your family living here ever involved in
           the active management of the business?

            1.  Yes
            5.  No
            0.  Inap. (no businesses: X3103^=1; no non-actively managed
                businesses: X3401^=1)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
VEHICLES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
VEHICLES SUPPLIED BY A BUSINESS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X2501      Now I'd like to get some information on your vehicles.
           Some people have cars or other vehicles provided to them by
           a business for personal and business use.  Do you have any
           such business vehicles?

           Now I'd like to get some information on your family's
           vehicles.  Some people have cars or other vehicles provided
           to them by a business for personal and business use.  Do
           you or anyone in your family have any such business vehicles?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X2502      How many such vehicles do you regularly use?

           How many such vehicles do you or someone in your family
           living here regularly use?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no vehicles supplied by a business: X2501^=1)


X7149      Does the business lease this vehicle?

           Does the business lease any of these vehicles?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no vehicles supplied by a business: X2501^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
LEASED VEHICLES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X2101      Now I'd like to get some information on your (family's)
           vehicles.

           Now I'd like to get some information on your (family's)
           vehicles.

           Other than any vehicles provided by a business...

           Are you currently leasing any cars or other vehicles?

           Are you or anyone in your family living here currently
           leasing any cars or other vehicles?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X2102      Not counting vehicles leased by a business, how many cars
           or other vehicles do you lease?

           Not counting vehicles leased by a business, how many cars
           or other vehicles do you and your family living here lease?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 3
           ********************************************

X6690      Originally reported value of X2102 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 3
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first personally leased vehicle
#2 refers to second personally leased vehicle
#3 refers to all other personally leased vehicles
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X2103(#1)  What make and model is this vehicle?
X2110(#2)
           What make and model is the newest vehicle?

           What make and model is the next vehicle?

           Code make and model
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1/fewer
                than 2 leased vehicles: X2102<2)
           *******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           *******************************************


X2104(#1)  What model year is it?
X2111(#2)
           Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1/fewer
                than 2 leased vehicles: X2102<2)
           **************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, BOTTOM-CODED AT 1975
           **************************************************


X8163(#1)  Recode: prevailing retail VALUE OF VEHICLE as of fall 1995
X8164(#2)  according to industry guidebook

           Code value
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1/fewer
                than 2 leased vehicles: X2102<2)


X2105(#1)  How much are your lease payments?
X2112(#2)
           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payments
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1/fewer
                than 2 leased vehicles: X2102<2)

X2106(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X2113(#2)  And how often are they due?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23.  13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24.  Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1/fewer
                than 2 leased vehicles: X2102<2)


           How many years or months was the original lease?

X2107(#1)  Code number of years
X2114(#2)  -1.  Less than one year
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1/fewer
                than 2 leased vehicles: X2102<2; number of months
		given: X2108/X2115>0)

X2108(#1)  Code number of months
X2115(#2)   0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1/fewer
                than 2 leased vehicles: X2102<2; number of years
		given: X2107/X2114>0)


X2117(#3)  Altogether, about how much are the lease payments on your
           other leased vehicles?

           Altogether, about how much are the lease payments on your
           other leased vehicle?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payments
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1; fewer
                than 3 leased vehicles: X2102<3)

X2118(#3)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23.  13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24.  Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1; fewer
                than 3 leased vehicles: X2102<3)

X8428(#3)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1;
                did not break off early in grid)

X8429(#3)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           23.  13 times a year; every 4 weeks
           24.  Every 6 weeks
           22.  Varies
           -1.  NO PAYMENT
           -2.  NO REGULAR PAYMENTS
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no personally leased vehicles: X2101^=1;
                did not break off early in grid)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
OWNED CARS, TRUCKS, VANS, AND SPORT UTILITY VEHICLES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X2201      Do you own any cars, or any kind of truck, van or jeep-type
           vehicle?

           Do you or anyone in your family here own any cars, or any
           kind of truck, van or jeep-type vehicle?

           Do not include motorcyles, tractors, snow blowers, etc.,
           or any vehicles owned by a business.

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X2202      Altogether, how many such cars or vehicles do you own?

           Altogether, how many such cars or vehicles do you and your
           family living here own?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************


X6691      Originally reported value of X2202 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first personally owned car
#2 refers to second personally owned car
#3 refers to third personally owned car
#4 refers to fourth personally owned car
#5 refers to all other personally owned cars
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X2203(#1)  What type of vehicle is it?
X2303(#2)
X2403(#3)  What type of vehicle is the newest one?
X7150(#4)
           What type of vehicle is the next one?

           INTERVIEWER:  PROBE IF NECESSARY.
           Is it a car, a van or minivan, a jeep or sport-utility
           vehicle, a pickup, or what?

            1.  Car
            2.  Van/minivan
            3.  Jeep/sport-utility vehicle
            4.  Pickup
            5.  Antique/classic/collector vehicle
            6.  Truck (except pickup)
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)
           ********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODES 5 AND 6 ARE COMBINED
              WITH -7
           ********************************************************


X2204(#1)  What make and model is it?
X2304(#2)
X2404(#3)  Code make and model
X7151(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)
           *******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           *******************************************


X2205(#1)  What model year is it?
X2305(#2)
X2405(#3)  Code year (4 digits)
X7152(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)
           **************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, BOTTOM-CODED AT 1975
           **************************************************


X8166(#1)  Recode: prevailing retail VALUE OF VEHICLE as of fall 1995
X8167(#2)  according to industry guidebook
X8168(#3)
X8188(#4)  Code value
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)


X7543(#1)  Did you buy it new or used?
X7542(#2)
X7541(#3)   1.  New
X7153(#4)   2.  Used
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)


X7540(#1)  In what year did you buy it?
X7539(#2)
X7538(#3)  Code year (4 digits)
X7154(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; did not buy car used: X7543^=1/X7542^=1/X7541^=1/
                X7153^=1)
           **************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, BOTTOM-CODED AT 1975
           **************************************************


X2206(#1)  Not counting any loans I've already recorded, is any money
X2306(#2)  still owed on loans for this (make and model)?
X2406(#3)
X7155(#4)   1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)


           In what month and year was the loan taken out?

X2207(#1)  Code month
X2307(#2)   1.  January
X2407(#3)   2.  February
X7156(#4)   3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X2208(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X2308(#2)
X2408(#3)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
X7157(#4)       X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1)


X2209(#1)  How much was borrowed or financed?
X2309(#2)
X2409(#3)  Code amount
X7158(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1)


X2210(#1)  Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed
X2310(#2)  dollar amount each month for a fixed number of months until
X2410(#3)  the loan is repaid, or some other kind?
X7159(#4)
            1.  Regular Installment
            2.  Other Kind
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1)


           How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
           the loan was received?

X2212(#1)  Code number of years
X2312(#2)  -1.  No set number of years
X2412(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments
X7161(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; not a regular loan: X2210^=1/X2310^=1/
                X2410^=1/X7159^=1)

X2211(#1)  Code number of payments
X2311(#2)  -1.  No set number of payments
X2411(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years
X7160(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; not a regular loan: X2210^=1/X2310^=1/
                X2410^=1/X7159^=1)


X9162(#1)  Recode: term of loan in months
X9163(#2)  -1.  No set number of years/payments
X9164(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years/payments
X9179(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; not a regular loan: X2210^=1/X2310^=1/
                X2410^=1/X7159^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X2213(#1)  How much are the payments?
X2313(#2)
X2413(#3)  Code amount
X7162(#4)  -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; not a regular loan: X2210^=1/X2310^=1/
                X2410^=1/X7159^=1; no set number of payments: X2212=-1/
                X2312=-1/X2412=-1/X7161=-1)

X7537(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X7536(#2)  And how often are they made?
X7535(#3)
X7163(#4)  Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; not a regular loan: X2210^=1/X2310^=1/
                X2410^=1/X7159^=1; no set number of payments: X2212=-1/
                X2312=-1/X2412=-1/X7161=-1)


X2214(#1)  What is the typical payment?
X2314(#2)
X2414(#3)  Code amount
X7164(#4)  -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; regular loan and regular payments: X2210=1
                and X2213>0/X2310=1 and X2313>0/X2410=1 and X2413>0/
                X7159=1 and X7162>0)

X2215(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X2315(#2)  And how often is it made?
X2415(#3)
X7165(#4)  Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; regular loan and regular payments: X2210=1
                and X2213>0/X2310=1 and X2313>0/X2410=1 and X2413>0/
                X7159=1 and X7162>0)


X7534(#1)  Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind
X7533(#2)  schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?
X7532(#3)
X7166(#4)   1.  On schedule
            2.  Ahead of schedule
            3.  Behind schedule
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; not a regular loan: X2210^=1/X2310^=1/
                X2410^=1/X2410^=1/X7159^=1; no regular payment:
                X2213<=0/X2313<=0/X2413<=0/X7161<=0)


           In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?

X2216(#1)  Code month
X2316(#2)   1.  January
X2416(#3)   2.  February
X7167(#4)   3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; payments on schedule: X7534=1/X7533=1/X7532=1/
                X7166=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X2217(#1)  Code year (4 digit)
X2317(#2)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
X2417(#3)       X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
X7168(#3)       X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1; payments on schedule: X7534=1/X7533=1/X7532=1/
                X7166=1)


X2218(#1)  How much is still owed on this loan?
X2318(#2)
X2418(#3)  Code amount
X7169(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4; no loan on car: X2206^=1/X2306^=1/X2406^=1/
                X7155^=1)


X2219(#1)  What is the current annual rate of interest being charged
X2319(#2)  on this loan?
X2419(#3)
X7170(#4)  Code percent * 100
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)


X2220(#1)  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any
X2320(#2)  of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
X2420(#3)  someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
X7171(#4)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
           (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
           INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)

X9102(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9103(#2)
X9104(#3)   See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
X9215(#4)   0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1/fewer than 2 cars:
                X2202<2/fewer than 3 cars: X2202<3/fewer than 4 cars:
                X2202<4)


X2422(#5)  How much are all the other such vehicles that you own worth
           in today's prices?

           How much is the other such vehicle that you own worth in
           today's prices?

           How much are all the other such vehicles that you and
           others in your family living here own worth in today's
           prices?

           How much is the other such vehicle that you and others in
           your family living here own worth in today's prices?

           Code value
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; fewer than 5 cars:
                X2202<5)

X8430(#5)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; did not
                break off early in grid)


X2423(#5)  Not counting loans I have already recorded, is any money
           still owed on loans for these vehicles?

           Not counting loans I have already recorded, is any money
           still owed on a loan for this vehicle?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; fewer than 5 cars:
                X2202<5);

X8431(#5)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; did not
                break off early in grid)


X2424(#5)  Altogether, about how much is still owed on these loans?

           Altogether, about how much is still owed on this loan?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; fewer than 5 cars:
                X2202<5; no loan on car: X2423^=1);

X8432(#5)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; did not
                break off early in grid; no money owed on residual
                vehicles: X8431^=1)


X2425(#5)  How much are the total payments on these loans?

           How much are the total payments on this loan?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; fewer than 5 cars:
                X2202<5; no loan on car: X2423^=1);

X2426(#5)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; fewer than 5 cars:
                X2202<5; no loan on car: X2423^=1);

X8433(#5)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; did not
                break off early in grid; no money owed on residual
                vehicles: X8431^=1)

X8434(#5)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no owned cars etc.: X2201^=1; did not
                break off early in grid; no money owed on residual
                vehicles: X8431^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER OWNED VEHICLES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X2503      Do you own any other vehicles such as a motorhome, RV,
           motorcycle, boat, or airplane?

           Do you or anyone in your family living here own any other
           vehicles such as a motorhome, RV, motorcycle, boat, or
           airplane?

           INTERVIEWER:  DO NOT INCLUDE TRACTORS AND LAWN MOWERS

             1.  YES
             5.  NO


X2504      Altogether, how many of these other vehicles do you own?

           Altogether, how many of these other vehicles do you or
           someone in your family living here own?

           Code number
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************


X6692      Originally reported value of X2504 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first other owned vehicle
#2 refers to second other owned vehicle
#3 refers to all remaining other owned vehicle
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X2505(#1)  What type of vehicle is it?
X2605(#2)
           What type of vehicle is the newest one?

           What type of vehicle is the next one?

           INTERVIEWER:  PROBE IF NECESSARY.
           Is it a motorhome, RV, airplane, boat, or what?

            1.  Motorhome
            2.  RV
            3.  Airplane; helicopter
            4.  Boat
            9.  Tractor
           11.  Motorcycle; motor scooter
           12.  Snowmobile
           13.  Golf cart
           14.  Non-automobile off-road vehicle
           15.  Miscellaneous construction vehicle
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2)
           ******************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 2 HAS BEEN COMBINED
              WITH CODE 1; CODE 4 HAS BEEN COMBINED WITH CODE
              3; CODE 9 HAS BEEN COMBINED WITH CODE 15; CODE
              13 HAS BEEN COMBINED WITH CODE 12.
           ******************************************************


X2506(#1)  About how much is this (vehicle type) worth?
X2606(#2)
           About how much is this vehicle worth?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2)


X2507(#1)  Not counting any loans that I have already recorded, is any
X2607(#2)  money still

           owed on loans for this (vehicle type)?

           owed on loans for this vehicle?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2)

           In what month and year was the loan taken out?

X2508(#1)  Code month
X2608(#2)   1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: X2507^=1/X2607^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X2509(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X2609(#2)   0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: X2507^=1/X2607^=1)


X2510(#1)  How much was borrowed or financed, not  counting the
X2610(#2)  finance charges?
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: X2507^=1/X2607^=1)


X2511(#1)  Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed
X2611(#2)  dollar amount each month for a fixed number of months until
           the loan is repaid, or some other kind?

            1.  Regular Installment
            2.  Other Kind
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: X2507^=1/X2607^=1)


           How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
           the loan was received?

X2513(#1)  Code number of years
X2613(#2)  -1.  No set number of years
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle:
		X2507^=1/X2607^=1; not a regular loan: 
                X2511^=1/X2611^=1)

X2512(#1)  Code number of payments
X2612(#2)  -1.  No set number of payments
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle:
		X2507^=1/X2607^=1; not a regular loan: 
                X2511^=1/X2611^=1)

X9165(#1)   Recode: term of loan in months
X9166(#2)  -1.  No set number of years/payments
           -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years/payments
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle:
		X2507^=1/X2607^=1; not a regular loan: 
                X2511^=1/X2611^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X2514(#1)  How much are the payments?
X2614(#2)
           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle:
		X2507^=1/X2607^=1; not a regular loan:
		X2511^=1/X2611^=1; no set number of payments:
                X2512=-1/X2612=-1)

X7531(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X7530(#2)  And how often are they due?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle:
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1; not a regular loan: 
                X2511^=1/X2611^=1; no set number of payments:
                X2512=-1/X2612=-1)


X2515(#1)  What is the typical payment?
X2615(#2)
           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1; regular loan and regular payments: 
                X2511=1 and X2514>0/X2611=1 and X2614>0)

X2516(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X2616(#2)  And how often is it made?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1; regular loan and regular payments: 
                X2511=1 and X2514>0/X2611=1 and X2614>0)


X7529(#1)  Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind
X7528(#2)  schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?
            1.  On schedule
            2.  Ahead of schedule
            3.  Behind schedule
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1; not a regular loan: 
                X2511^=1/X2611^=1; no regular payment: X2514<=0/X2614<=0)


           In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?

X2517(#1)  Code month
X2617(#2)   1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1; payments on schedule: 
                X7529=1/X7528=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X2518(#1)  Code year
X2618(#2)   0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1; payments on schedule: 
                X7529=1/X7528=1)


X2519(#1)  How much is still owed on this loan?
X2619(#2)
           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1)


X2520(#1)  What is the current annual rate of interest being charged
X2620(#2)  on this loan?
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1)


X2521(#1)  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any
X2621(#2)  of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
           someplace else?   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
           (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
           (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
           INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1)

X9105(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9106(#2)
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1/fewer than 2 other
                vehicles: X2504<2; no loan on vehicle: 
                X2507^=1/X2607^=1)


X2623(#3)  How much are all the other such vehicles that you own worth?

           How much is the other such vehicle that you own worth?

           How much are all the other such vehicles that you and
           others in your family living here own worth?

           How much is the other such vehicle that you and others in
           your family living here own worth?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; fewer than 3 other
                vehicles: X2504<3)

X8435(#3) Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; did not
                break off early in grid)


X2624(#3)  Not counting loans I have already recorded, is any money
           still owed on loans for these vehicles?

           Not counting loans I have already recorded, is any money
           still owed on loans for this vehicle?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; fewer than 3 other
                vehicles: X2504<3)

X8436(#3)  Original value for Rs who did not provide complete
           information within the grid structure (see introduction)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; did not
                break off early in grid)


X2625(#3)  Altogether, about how much is still owed on these loans?

           Altogether, about how much is still owed on this loan?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; fewer than 3 other
                vehicles: X2504<3; no money owed on vehicle: X2624^=1)

X8437(#3) Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; did not
                break off early in grid; no loans on residual
                vehicles: X8436^=1)


X2626(#3)  How much are the total payments on these loans?

           How much are the total payments on this loan?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; fewer than 3 other
                vehicles: X2504<3; no money owed on vehicle: X2624^=1)

X2627(#3)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; fewer than 3 other
                vehicles: X2504<3; no money owed on vehicle: X2624^=1)

X8438(#3)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; did not
                break off early in grid; no loans on residual
                vehicles: X8436^=1)

X8439(#3)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap.  (no other vehicles: X2503^=1; did not break off
                early in grid; fewer than 3 other vehicles: X2504<2; 
                no money owed on vehicle: X2624^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
EDUCATION LOANS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X7801      Not counting credit cards or loans you may have told me
           about in detail, do you owe any money or have any loans for
           educational expenses?

           Not counting credit cards or loans you may have told me
           about in detail, do you and your family living here owe any
           money or have any loans for educational expenses?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X7802      How many such loans are there?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 7
           ********************************************

X6693      Originally reported value of X7802 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 7
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first education loan
#2 refers to second education loan
#3 refers to third education
#4 refers to fourth education
#5 refers to fifth education
#6 refers to sixth education
#7 refers to all remaining education loans
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
           In what month and year was this loan taken out?
       
           About the largest loan, in what month and year was
           this loan taken out?

           About the next loan, in what month and year was
           this loan taken out?

X7803(#1)  Code month
X7826(#2)   1.  January
X7849(#3)   2.  February
X7903(#4)   3.  March
X7926(#5)   4.  April
X7949(#6)   5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X7804(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7827(#2)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7850(#3)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X7904(#4)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
X7927(#5)       X7802<6)
X7950(#6)


X7805(#1)  How much was borrowed or financed, not counting the finance
X7828(#2)  charges?
X7851(#3)
X7905(#4)  Code amount
X7928(#5)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7951(#6)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6)


X7806(#1)  Are you paying on this loan now?
X7829(#2)
X7852(#3)   1.  YES
X7906(#4)   5.  NO
X7929(#5)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7952(#6)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6)


X7173(#1)  Are the payments on this loan deferred?
X7174(#2)
X7175(#3)   1.  YES
X7176(#4)   5.  NO
X7177(#5)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7178(#6)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; paying on loan now: X7806^=5/X7829^=5/X7852^=5/
                X7806^=5/X7929^=5/X7952^=5)

           When will you start paying on this loan?

X7807(#1)  Code month
X7830(#2)   1.  January
X7853(#3)   2.  February
X7907(#4)   3.  March
X7930(#5)   4.  April
X7953(#6)   5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; paying on loan now: X7806^=5/X7829^=5/X7852^=5/
                X7806^=5/X7929^=5/X7952^=5; payments not deferred:
                X7173^=1/X7174^=1/X7175^=1/X7176^=1/X7177^=1/X7178^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X7808(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7831(#2)   0.  Inap.
X7854(#3)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7908(#4)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X7931(#5)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
X7954(#6)       X7802<6; paying on loan now: X7806^=5/X7829^=5/X7852^=5/
                X7806^=5/X7929^=5/X7952^=5; payments not deferred:
                X7173^=1/X7174^=1/X7175^=1/X7176^=1/X7177^=1/X7178^=1)


X7809(#1)  Is this loan accumulating interest which you will have to
X7832(#2)  pay?
X7855(#3)
X7909(#4)   1.  YES
X7932(#5)   5.  NO
X7955(#6)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; paying on loan now: X7806^=5/X7829^=5/X7852^=5/
                X7806^=5/X7929^=5/X7952^=5; payments not deferred:
                X7173^=1/X7174^=1/X7175^=1/X7176^=1/X7177^=1/X7178^=1)


           When did you start paying on this loan?

X7810(#1)  Code month
X7833(#2)   1.  January
X7856(#3)   2.  February
X7910(#4)   3.  March
X7933(#5)   4.  April
X7956(#6)   5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X7811(#1)  Code year
X7834(#2)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7857(#3)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X7911(#4)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
X7934(#5)       X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
X7957(#6)       X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1)


X7812(#1)  Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed
X7835(#2)  dollar amount each month for a fixed number of months until
X7858(#3)  the loan is repaid,or some other kind?
X7912(#4)
X7935(#5)   1.  Regular Installment
X7958(#6)   2   Other Kind
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1)


           How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
           the loan was received?

X7813(#1)  Code number of years
X7836(#2)  -1.  No set number of years
X7859(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments
X7913(#4)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7936(#5)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X7959(#6)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                not a regular loan: X7812^=1/X7835^=1/X7858^=1/X7912^=1/
                X7935^=1/X7958^=1);

X7814(#1)  Code number of payments
X7837(#2)  -1.  No set number of payments
X7860(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years
X7914(#4)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7937(#5)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X7960(#6)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                not a regular loan: X7812^=1/X7835^=1/X7858^=1/X7912^=1/
                X7935^=1/X7958^=1);

X9173(#1)  Recode: term of loan in months
X9174(#2)  -1.  No set number of years/payments
X9175(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years/payments
X9176(#4)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X9177(#5)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X9178(#6)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                not a regular loan: X7812^=1/X7835^=1/X7858^=1/X7912^=1/
                X7935^=1/X7958^=1);
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X7815(#1)  How much are the payments?
X7838(#2)
X7861(#3)  Code amount
X7915(#4)  -1.  Nothing
X7938(#5)  -2.  No regular payment
X7961(#6)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                not a regular loan: X7812^=1/X7835^=1/X7858^=1/X7912^=1/
                X7935^=1/X7958^=1; no set number of payments: X7813=-1/
                X7836=-1/X7859=-1/X7913=-1/X7936=-1/X7959=-1)

X7816(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X7839(#2)  And how often are they made?
X7862(#3)
X7916(#4)  Code frequency
X7939(#5)   2.  Week
X7962(#6)   3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                not a regular loan: X7812^=1/X7835^=1/X7858^=1/X7912^=1/
                X7935^=1/X7958^=1; no set number of payments: X7813=-1/
                X7836=-1/X7859=-1/X7913=-1/X7936=-1/X7959=-1)


X7817(#1)  What is the typical payment?
X7840(#2)
X7863(#3)  Code amount
X7917(#4)  -1.  Nothing
X7940(#5)  -2.  No typical payment
X7963(#6)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                regular loan and regular payments: X7812=1 and X7815>0/
                X7835=1 and X7838>0/X7858=1 and X7861>0/ X7912=1 and
                X7915>0/X7935=1 and X7938>0/X7958=1 and X7961>0)

X7818(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X7841(#2)  And how often is it made?
X7864(#3)
X7918(#4)  Code frequency
X7941(#5)   2.  Week
X7964(#6)   3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                regular loan and regular payments: X7812=1 and X7815>0/
                X7835=1 and X7838>0/X7858=1 and X7861>0/ X7912=1 and
                X7915>0/X7935=1 and X7938>0/X7958=1 and X7961>0)


X7821(#1)  Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind
X7844(#2)  schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?
X7867(#3)
X7921(#4)   1.  On schedule
X7944(#5)   2.  Ahead of schedule
X7967(#6)   3.  Behind schedule
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                not a regular loan: X7812^=1/X7835^=1/X7858^=1/X7912^=1/
                X7935^=1/X7958^=1; no set number of payments: X7813=-1/
                X7836=-1/X7859=-1/X7913=-1/X7936=-1/X7959=-1)



           In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?

X7819(#1)  Code month
X7842(#2)   1.  January
X7865(#3)   2.  February
X7919(#4)   3.  March
X7942(#5)   4.  April
X7965(#6)   5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                payments on schedule: X7821=1/X7844=1/X7867=1/X7921=1/
                X7944=1/X7967=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X7820(#1)  Code year (4 digit)
X7843(#2)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7866(#3)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X7920(#4)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
X7943(#5)       X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
X7966(#6)       X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                payments on schedule: X7821=1/X7844=1/X7867=1/X7921=1/
                X7944=1/X7967=1)


X7822(#1)  What is the current annual rate of interest being charged
X7845(#2)  on this loan?
X7868(#3)
X7922(#4)  Code percent * 100
X7945(#5)  -1.  Nothing
X7968(#6)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6; not paying on loan now and payments deferred:
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7806=5 & X7173=1/X7829=5 and X7174=1/X7852=5 and X7175=1/
                X7906=5 & X7176=1/X7929=5 and X7177=1/X7952=5 and X7178=1;
                interest not accumulating: X7809=5/X7832=5/X7855=5/
                X7909=5/X7932=5/X7955=5)


X7823(#1)  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any
X7846(#2)  of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
X7869(#3)  someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
X7923(#4)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
X7946(#5)  (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
X7969(#6)  INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
                X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
                X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6)

X9203(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9204(#2)
X9205(#3)   See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
X9206(#4)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X9207(#5)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X9208(#6)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6)


X7824(#1)  How much is still owed on this loan?
X7847(#2)
X7870(#3)  Code amount
X7924(#4)   0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1/less than 2 loans;
X7947(#5)       X7802<2/less than 3 loans: X7802<3/less than 4 loans:
X7970(#6)       X7802<4/less than 5 loans: X7802<5/less than 6 loans:
                X7802<6)


X7179(#7)  How much in total is owed on all the remaining loans?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1; less than 7
                loans: X7802<7)

X8440(#7)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1; did not break off
                early in grid)


X7180(#7)  How much in total are all the payments you are making on
           all the remaining loans?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1; less than 7
                loans: X7802<7)

X7181(#7)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1; less than 7
                loans: X7802<7)

X8441(#7)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1; did not break off
                early in grid)

X8442(#7)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no education loans: X7801^=1; did not break off
                early in grid)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER CONSUMER LOANS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X7182      Now I want to ask you about the loans you have.  Not
           counting credit cards or loans you have told me about in
           detail, do you owe any money or have any loans for any
           reason on this card (SHOW CARD 6)?  These are loans for
           household appliances, furniture, hobby or recreational
           equipment, medical bills, loans from friends or relatives
           or other loans.

           Now I want to ask you about the loans you and anyone in
           your family living here have.  Not counting credit cards or
           loans you have told me about in detail, do you or anyone in
           your family living here owe any money or have any loans for
           any reason on this card (SHOW CARD 6)?  These are loans for
           household appliances, furniture, hobby or recreational
           equipment, medical bills, loans from friends or relatives
           or other loans. 

           (DO NOT INCLUDE GIFTS FROM FAMILY MEMBERS YOU ARE NOT
           EXPECTED TO RE-PAY)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO

           NOTE: CARD 6 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Loans for household applicances, furniture,"
           "Loans for hobby or recreational equipment," "Loans for
           medical bills," "Loans from friends or relatives," "Other
          loans or money owed."


X2709      How many such loans do you have?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 7
           ********************************************

X6694      Originally reported value of X2709 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 7
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first consumer loan
#2 refers to second consumer loan
#3 refers to third consumer loan
#4 refers to fourth consumer loan
#5 refers to fifth consumer loan
#6 refers to sixth consumer loan
#7 refers to all remaining consumer loans
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X2710(#1)  What was the loan for?
X2727(#2)
X2810(#3)  What was the largest loan for?
X2827(#4)
X2910(#5)  What was the next loan for?
X2927(#6)
           See LOAN PURPOSE MASTER CODE LIST at X6723
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)


           In what month and year was this loan taken out?

X2712(#1)  Code month
X2729(#2)   1.  January
X2812(#3)   2.  February
X2829(#4)   3.  March
X2912(#5)   4.  April
X2929(#6)   5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X2713(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X2730(#2)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
X2813(#3)       fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/
X2830(#4)       fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)
X2913(#5)
X2930(#6)


X2714(#1)  How much was borrowed or financed, not  counting the
X2731(#2)  finance charges?
X2814(#3)
X2831(#4)  Code amount
X2914(#5)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
X2931(#6)       fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)


X2715(#1)  Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed
X2732(#2)  dollar amount each month for a fixed number of months until
X2815(#3)  the loan is repaid, or some other kind?
X2832(#4)
X2915(#5)   1.  Regular Installment
X2932(#6)   2.  Other Kind
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)


           How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
           the loan was received?

X2717(#1)  Code number of years
X2734(#2)  -1.  No set number of years
X2817(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of payments
X2834(#4)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
X2917(#5)       fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/
X2934(#6)       fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;
                not a regular loan: X2715^=1/X2732^=1/X2815^=1/X2832^=1/
                X2915^=1/X2932^=1)


X2716(#1)  Code number of payments
X2733(#2)  -1.  No set number of payments
X2816(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years
X2833(#4)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
X2916(#5)       fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/
X2933(#6)       fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;
                not a regular loan: X2715^=1/X2732^=1/X2815^=1/X2832^=1/
                X2915^=1/X2932^=1)

X9167(#1)  Recode: term of loan in months
X9168(#2)  -1.  No set number of years/payments
X9169(#3)  -7.  Unable to calculate from number of years/payments
X9170(#4)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/    
X9171(#5)       fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
X9172(#6)       fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;      
                not a regular loan: X2715^=1/X2732^=1/X2815^=1/X2832^=1/
                X2915^=1/X2932^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X2718(#1)  How much are the payments?
X2735(#2)
X2818(#3)  Code amount
X2835(#4)  -1.  Nothing
X2918(#5)  -2.  No typical payment
X2935(#6)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;
                not a regular loan: X2715^=1/X2732^=1/X2815^=1/X2832^=1/
                X2915^=1/X2932^=1; no set number of payments: X2717=-1/
                X2734=-1/X2817=-1/X2834=-1/X2917=-1/X2934=-1)


X7527(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X7526(#2)  And how often are they due?
X7525(#3)
X7524(#4)  Code frequency
X7523(#5)   2.  Week
X7522(#6)   3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/    
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;      
                not a regular loan: X2715^=1/X2732^=1/X2815^=1/X2832^=1/
                X2915^=1/X2932^=1; no set number of payments: X2717=-1/
                X2734=-1/X2817=-1/X2834=-1/X2917=-1/X2934=-1)


X2719(#1)  What is the typical payment?
X2736(#2)
X2819(#3)  Code amount
X2836(#4)  -1.  Nothing
X2919(#5)  -2.  No typical payment
X2936(#6)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/    
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;      
                regular loan and regular payments: X2715=1 and X2718>0/
                X2732=1 and X2735>0/X2815=1 and X2818>0/X2832=1 and
                X2835>0/X2915=1 and X2918>0/X2932=1 and X2935>0)

X2720(#2)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X2737(#2)  And how often is it made?
X2820(#3)
X2837(#4)  Code frequency
X2920(#5)   2.  Week
X2937(#6)   3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/    
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;      
                regular loan and regular payments: X2715=1 and X2718>0/
                X2732=1 and X2735>0/X2815=1 and X2818>0/X2832=1 and
                X2835>0/X2915=1 and X2918>0/X2932=1 and X2935>0)


X7521(#1)  Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind
X7520(#2)  schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?
X7519(#3)
X7518(#4)   1.  On schedule
X7517(#5)   2.  Ahead of schedule
X7516(#6)   3.  Behind schedule
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/    
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;      
                not a regular loan: X2715^=1/X2732^=1/X2815^=1/X2832^=1/
                X2915^=1/X2932^=1; no regular payment: X2718<=0/
                X2735<=0/X2818<=0/X2835<=0/X2918<=0/X2935<=0)


           In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?

X2721(#1)  Code month
X2738(#2)   1.  January
X2821(#3)   2.  February
X2838(#4)   3.  March
X2921(#5)   4.  April
X2938(#6)   5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/    
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;      
                payments on schedule: X7521=1/X7520=1/X7519=1/X7518=1/
                X7517=1/X7516=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X2722(#1)  Code year
X2739(#2)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
X2822(#3)       fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
X2839(#4)       fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6;
X2922(#5)       payments on schedule: X7521=1/X7520=1/X7519=1/X7518=1/
X2939(#6)       X7517=1/X7516=1)


X2723(#1)  How much is still owed on this loan?
X2740(#2)
X2823(#3)  Code amount
X2840(#4)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
X2923(#5)       fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
X2940(#6)       fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)


X2724(#1)  What is the current annual rate of interest being charged
X2741(#2)  on this loan?
X2824(#3)
X2841(#4)  Code percent * 100
X2924(#5)  -1.  Nothing
X2941(#6)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)


X2725(#1)  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any
X2742(#2)  of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
X2825(#3)  someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
X2842(#4)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
X2925(#5)  (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
X2942(#6)  INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
                fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
                fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)

X9107(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9108(#2)   See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
X9109(#3)   0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5/fewer than 2 loans: X2709<2/
X9110(#4)       fewer than 3 loans: X2709<3/fewer than 4 loans: X2709<4/      
X9111(#5)       fewer than 5 loans: X2709<5/fewer than 6 loans: X2709<6)
X9112(#6)


X7183(#7)  How much in total is owed on all the remaining loans?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5; fewer than 7 loans: X2709<7)

X8443(#7)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182^=1; did not break off
                early in grid)


X7184(#7)  How much in total are all the payments you are making on all
           the remaining loans?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5; fewer than 7 loans: X2709<7)

X7185(#7)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5; fewer than 7 loans: X2709<7)

X8444(#7)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5; did not break off
                early in grid)

X8445(#7)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no such loans: X7182=5; did not break off
                early in grid)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAYMENTS ON SCHECULE ON ALL TYPES OF LOANS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3004      Now thinking of all the various loan or mortgage payments
           you made during last year, were all the payments made the
           way they were scheduled, or were payments on any of the
           loans sometimes made later or missed?

            1.  All paid as scheduled or ahead of schedule
            5.  Sometimes got behind or missed payments
            0.  Inap. (no types of loans: ......


X3005      Were you ever behind in your payments by two months or more?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no types of loans: ......
                 not late with payments: X3004=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
MISCELLANEOUS OPINION VARIABLES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(#1-#5 in order reported by R)
X3006(#1)  Now I'd like to ask you a few questions about your savings.
X3007(#2)  People have different reasons for saving, even though they
X7513(#3)  may not be saving all the time. What are your most
X7514(#4)  important reasons for saving?
X7515(#5)
           Now I'd like to ask you a few questions about your family's
           savings.  People have different reasons for saving, even
           though they may not be saving all the time. What are your
           family's most important reasons for saving?

          (Anything else?)

            1.  Children's education; education of grandchildren
            2.  Own education; spouse's education; education -- NA for whom
            3.  "For the children/family"  -- NFS; "to help the kids
                out"; estate
            5.  Wedding, Bar Mitzvah, and other ceremonies (ex 17)
           11.  Buying own house (code summer cottage in 12)
           12.  Purchase of cottage or second home for own use
           13.  Buy a car, boat or other vehicle
           14.  Home improvements/repairs
           15.  To travel; take vacations; take other time off
           16.  Buy durable household goods, appliances, home
                furnishings; hobby items; for other purchases not
                codeable above or not further specifiec; "buy things
                when we need/want them"; moving/special occasions 
           17.  Burial/funeral expenses
           18.  Charitable or religious contributions
           21.  Buying (investing in) own business/farm; equipment for
                business/farm
           22.  Retirement/old age
           23.  Reserves in case of unemployment
           24.  In case of illness; medical/dental expenses
           25.  Emergencies; "rainy days"; other unexpected needs; for
               "security" and independence
           26.  Investments reasons (to get interest, to be
                diversified, to buy other forms of assets)
           27.  To meet contractual commitments (debt repayment,
                insurance, taxes, etc.) to pay off house
           28.  "To get ahead;" for the future; to advance standard of living
           29.  Ordinary living expenses/bills
           31.  No reason (except 90, 91, 92)
           90.  Had extra income; saved becaused had the money left
                over -- no other purpose specified
           91.  Wise/prudent thing to do; good discipline to save; habit
           92.  Liquidity; to have cash available/on hand
           -1.  Don't/can't save; "have no money"
           -7.  Other


X3010      In the next five to ten years, are there any foreseeable
           major expenses that you expect to have to pay for yourself,
           such as educational expenses, purchase of a new home,
           health care costs, support for other family members, or
           anything else?

           In the next five to ten years, are there any foreseeable
           major expenses that you and your family expect to have to
           pay for yourselves, such as educational expenses, purchase
           of a new home, health care costs, support for other family
           members, or anything else?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


(#1-#6 in order reported by R)
X3011(#1)  INTERVIEWER: SHOW CARD 7
X3012(#2)  What kinds of obligations are these?
X3013(#3)  CODE ALL THAT APPLY
X7512(#4)
X7511(#5)   1.  EDUCATION OF CHILDREN (incl. step and adopted); grandkids
X6667(#6)   2.  EDUCATION: OTHERS (incl. R & spouse)
            3.  HEALTH CARE: SELF/SPOUSE
            4.  HEALTH CARE: OTHERS (incl. elderly parents/disabled child)
            5.  Health care/medical expenses -- NA for whom
           11.  General support for R/spouse in Retirement or old age
           12.  General support for child/grandchild;
           13.  General support for parents
           14.  General support for others or NA for whom
           21.  Home purchase (incl. vacation home)
           22.  Purchase of car or other large durable goods
           23.  Burial expenses
           24.  Taxes
           25.  Home repairs/improvements
           26.  Weddings, vacations, moving and other special expenditures
           31.  Business/investment; start/expand own business
           32.  Divorce, legal expenses
           33.  Investment, major purchase
           34.  Charitable expense
           41.  Bills/living expenses --NFS
           -7.  OTHER
            0.  Inap. (no expected major expenses: X3010^=1)

           NOTE: CARD 7 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Education for your children," "Education for
           others," "Future health care for self/spouse," "Health care
           for others," "Purchase of new home," "Other major financial
           obligation."


X7186      Are you saving for these expenses now?

           Are you saving for this expense now?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no expected major expenses: X3010^=1)


X3008      INTERVIEWER: SHOW CARD 8

           In planning your saving and spending, which of the time periods
           listed on this page is most important to you?

           In planning your family's saving and spending, which of the
           time periods listed on this page is most important to you
           and your (spouse/partner)? 

           In planning your family's saving and spending, which of the
           time periods listed on this page is most important to you?

            1.  NEXT FEW MONTHS
            2.  NEXT YEAR
            3.  NEXT FEW YEARS
            4.  NEXT 5-10 YEARS
            5.  LONGER THAN 10 YEARS

           NOTE: CARD 8 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Next few months," " Next year," "Next 5 to 10
           years," "Longer than 10 years."


X3014      INTERVIEWER: SHOW CARD 9

           Which of the statements on this page comes closest to the
           amount of financial risk that you and your (spouse/partner)
           are willing to take when you save or make investments?

           Which of the statements on this page comes closest to the
           amount of financial risk that you are willing to take when
           you save or make investments?

           INTERVIEWER:  READ ANSWERS ONLY IF NECESSARY. IF MORE THAN
           ONE RESPONSE IS GIVEN USE THE FIRST CATEGORY THAT APPLIES.

            1.  TAKE SUBSTANTIAL FINANCIAL RISKS EXPECTING TO EARN
                SUBSTANTIAL RETURNS
            2.  TAKE ABOVE AVERAGE FINANCIAL RISKS EXPECTING TO EARN
                ABOVE AVERAGE RETURNS
            3.  TAKE AVERAGE FINANCIAL RISKS EXPECTING TO EARN AVERAGE
                RETURNS
            4.  NOT WILLING TO TAKE ANY FINANCIAL RISKS

           NOTE: CARD 9 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Take substantial financial risks expecting to earn
           substantial returns," "Take above average financial risks
           expecting to earn above average returns," "Take average
           financial risks expecting to earn average returns," "Not
           willing to take any financial risks."


           INTERVIEWER: SHOW CARD 10

           Which of the following statements on this page comes closest
           to describing your and your (spouse/partner)'s saving habits?

           Which of the following statements on this page comes closest to
           describing your saving habits?

           INTERVIEWER:    DO NOT PROBE FOR MORE THAN ONE RESPONSE.
           ENTER MULTIPLE RESPONSES ONLY IF R VOLUNTEERS THEM

X3015      DON'T SAVE - USUALLY SPEND MORE THAN INCOME
X3016      DON'T SAVE - USUALLY SPEND ABOUT AS MUCH AS INCOME
X3017      SAVE WHATEVER IS LEFT OVER AT THE END OF THE MONTH - NO REGULAR PLAN
X3018      SAVE INCOME OF ONE FAMILY MEMBER, SPEND THE OTHER
X3019      SPEND REGULAR INCOME, SAVE OTHER INCOME
X3020      SAVE REGULARLY BY PUTTING MONEY ASIDE EACH MONTH

            1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked

           NOTE: CARD 10 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Don't save -- Usually spend more than income,"
           "Don't save -- Usually spend about as much as income,"
           "Save whatever is left over at the end of each month -- No
           regular plan," "Save income of one family member, spend the
           other," "Save regularly by putting money aside each month."


X3023      INTERVIEWER: SHOW CARD 11
           Looking at this card, how would you rate the retirement
           income you (receive or expect to receive) from Social
           Security and job pensions?

            1.  TOTALLY INADEQUATE
            2.
            3.  ENOUGH TO MAINTAIN LIVING STANDARDS
            4.
            5.  VERY SATISFACTORY


X7510      Over the past year, would you say that your spending
           exceeded your income, that it was about the same as your
           income, or that you spent less than your income?

           Over the past year, would you say that your family's
           spending exceeded your family's income, that it was about
           the same as your income, or that you spent less than your
           income?

           (Spending should not include any investments you have made.)

            1.  SPENDING EXCEEDED INCOME
            2.  SPENDING EQUALLED INCOME
            3.  SPENDING WAS LESS THAN INCOME

            NOTE: CARD 11 contains the following information:
            The numbers 1 through 5 in a horizonal row bounded by dark
            lines.  Below 1 is printed "Totally inadequate"; below 3
            is printed "Enough to maintain standard"; and below 5 is
            printed "Very satisfactory."  Nothing is printed below 2 and 4.


X7509      Did any of that spending include purchases of a home or
           automobile or spending for any investments?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (spending less than income: X7510=3)


X7508      Including only monthly payments on your house or car and
           leaving aside any spending on investments, over the past
           year, would you say that your spending exceeded your
           income, that it was about the same as your income, or that
           you spent less than your income?

           Including only monthly payments on your house or car and
           leaving aside any spending on investments, over the past
           year, would you say that your family's spending exceeded
           your family's income, that it was about the same as your
           income, or that you spent less than your income?

            1.  SPENDING EXCEEDED INCOME
            2.  SPENDING EQUALLED INCOME
            3.  SPENDING WAS LESS THAN INCOME
            0.  Inap. (spending less than or equal to income:
                X7510=2 or 3; spending did not include durables
                purchases: X7509^=1)


X7507      To make up the difference, did you borrow additional money,
           did you spend out of savings or investments, or did you do
           something else?

            1.  BORROWED MONEY
            2.  SPENT OUT OF SAVINGS INVESTMENTS
            3.  Got behind on payments; didn't pay bills
            4.  Help from others
            5.  (Possible respondent error #1) Cut bock on expenses
            6.  (Possible respondent error #2) Got additional income
           -7.  OTHER
            0.  Inap. (spending less than or equal to income)


X7187      About how much do you think you need to have in savings for
           unanticipated emergencies and other unexpected things that
           may come up?

           About how much do you think you and your family need to
           have in savings for unanticipated emergencies and other
           unexpected things that may come up?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL ASSETS (ALSO INCLUDES SOME MISC. ASSETS AND DEBTS)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CHECKING ACCOUNTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3501      Now I'd like to ask about different types of financial
           assets that

           you might have.  First, do you have any checking accounts
           at any type of institution?

           you might have.  First, do you or anyone in your family
           living here have any checking accounts at any type of
           institution?

           PROBE:  Please do not include any money market accounts
           unless you use them regularly as checking accounts.

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3502      Have you ever had a checking account?

           Have you or anyone in your family living here ever had a
           checking account?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (R has a checking account: X3501=1)


X3503      (SHOW CARD 12)  Looking at this list, please tell me which
           is the most

           important reason you don't have a checking account.

           important reason your family doesn't have a checking account.

            1.  Don't write enough checks to make it worthwhile
            2.  Minimum balance is too high
            3.  Do not like dealing with banks
            4.  Service charges are too high
            5.  No bank has convenient hours or location

           12.  Checkbook has been/could be lost/stolen
           13.  Haven't gotten around to it
           14.  R has alternative source of checking services (MMA,
                MIA, etc) (does not include individuals who write
                checks for R)
           15.  R not allowed to have account (e.g., asset test for welfare)
           20.  R does not need/want a checking account (NEC)
           21.  Credit problems; bankruptcy; R does not meet depository's
                qualifications for having an account
           95.  Don't have (enough) money
           -1.  Can't manage/balance a checking account
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (R has a checking account: X3501=1)

           NOTE: CARD 12 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Don't write enough checks to make it worthwhile,"
           " Minimum balance too high," "Do not like dealing with
           banks," "Service charges too high," "No bank has convenient
           hours or location," "Some other reason."


X3504      How many checking accounts do you have?

           How many checking accounts do you and your family living
           here have?

           (IF R ASKS: INCLUDE MONEY MARKET ACCOUNTS ONLY IF THEY ARE
           USED AS CHECKING ACCOUNTS)

           Code number of accounts
            0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************

X6695      Originally reported value of X3504 (see introduction)

           Code number of accounts
            0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to the first checking account
#2 refers to the second checking account
#3 refers to the third checking account
#4 refers to the fourth checking account
#5 refers to the fifth checking account
#6 refers to the sixth checking account
#7 refers to the remaining checking accounts
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3505(#1)  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Thinking about your
X3509(#2)  checking account, is this account with any of the
X3513(#3)  institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace
X3517(#4)  else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) (IF
X3521(#5)  SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
X3525(#6)  (INTERVIEWER: CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A
           NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

           Please look at the Institutions Card.  Thinking about your
           main checking account, the one used to write most of your
           checks, is this account with any of the institutions on the
           Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  (IF
           INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE:
           What type of institution is that?) (INTERVIEWER: CHECK THE
           INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

           Please look at the Institutions Card. Thinking about the
           next account, is this account with any of the institutions
           on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  (IF
           INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE:
           What type of institution is that?) (INTERVIEWER: CHECK THE
           INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1/fewer than
                2 accounts: X3504<2/fewer than 3 accounts: X3504<3/
                fewer than 4 accounts: X3504<4/fewer than 5 accounts:
                X3504<5/fewer than 6 accounts: X3504<6)

X9113(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9114(#2)
X9115(#3)   See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
X9116(#4)   0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1/fewer than
X9117(#5)       2 accounts: X3504<2/fewer than 3 accounts: X3504<3/
X9118(#6)       fewer than 4 accounts: X3504<4/fewer than 5 accounts:
                X3504<5/fewer than 6 accounts: X3504<6)


X3506(#1)  How much is in this account? (What was the average over the
X3510(#2)  last month?)
X3514(#3)
X3518(#4)  Code amount
X3522(#5)  -1.  Nothing
X3526(#6)   0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1/fewer than
                2 accounts: X3504<2/fewer than 3 accounts: X3504<3/
                fewer than 4 accounts: X3504<4/fewer than 5 accounts:
                X3504<5/fewer than 6 accounts: X3504<6)


X3507(#1)  Is this a money market-type account?
X3511(#2)
X3515(#3)   1.  YES
X3519(#4)   5.  NO
X3523(#5)   0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1/fewer than
X3527(#6)       2 accounts: X3504<2/fewer than 3 accounts: X3504<3/
                fewer than 4 accounts: X3504<4/fewer than 5 accounts:
                X3504<5/fewer than 6 accounts: X3504<6)


X7601(#1)  Is this a joint checking account, or is the account in your
X7603(#2)  name, in your husband's name, or something else?
X7605(#3)
X7607(#4)  Is this a joint checking account, or is the account in your
X7609(#5)  name, in your wife's name, or something else?
X7611(#6)
           Is this a joint checking account, or is the account in your
           name, in your partner's name, or something else?

           Is this checking account in your name, or something else?

           Is this a joint checking account, or is the account in your name?

            1.  Joint account
            2.  R's account
            3.  Spouse's/partner's account
            4.  Other family member's account
            5.  Child only
            6.  Child and respondent or spouse
            7.  Other relative
            8.  Other relative with respondent or spouse
            9.  Unrelated person, NFS
           10.  Unrelated person with respondent or spouse
           50.  Trust account
           51.  Personal business account
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1/fewer than
                2 accounts: X3504<2/fewer than 3 accounts: X3504<3/
                fewer than 4 accounts: X3504<4/fewer than 5 accounts:
                X3504<5/fewer than 6 accounts: X3504<6; R lives
                alone: X101=1)


X3529(#7)  How much is in all your remaining checking accounts?  (What
           was the average over the last month?)

           How much is in all your family's remaining checking accounts?
           (What was the average over the last month?)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1; fewer than
                7 accounts: X3504<7)

X8446(#7)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no checking account: X3501^=1; did not
                break off early in grid)


X3530      (SHOW CARD 13) Which of the reasons on this card is the
           most important reason you chose the institution that you
           did for your main checking account?  Was it because of the
           location of their offices, because they had the lowest fees
           or minimum balance requirement, because you were able to
           obtain many services at one place, because they offered
           safety and an absence of risk, or some other reason?

           (SHOW CARD 13) Which of the reasons on this card is the
           most important reason your family living here chose the
           institution that you did for your main checking account?
           Was it because of the location of their offices, because
           they had the lowest fees or minimum balance requirement,
           because you were able to obtain many services at one place,
           because they offered safety and an absence of risk, or some
           other reason? 

            1.  Recommended
            2.  High interest rates
            3.  Location of offices
            4.  Other business done here
            5.  Easy to qualify (for credit); only place that would
                give us a loan
            6.  Many services in one place
            7.  Low fees or service charge
            8.  Safety
            9.  Other convenience mentions/payroll deduction
           11.  Personal relationship; they know me; R/spouse works
                there; small institution
           12.  Staff qualifications
           13.  Bank bought by another institution
           14.  Always done business there; banked there a long time
           23.  Advertisement
           24.  Convenient hours
           25.  No particular reason
           26.  No other institutions
           27.  Gift for opening account; other promotion
           28.  Interest rates on deposits
           29.  Reputation
           30.  Unable to open an account at another institution
           31.  Dissatisfaction with previous institution
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (R has no checking account: X3501^=1)

           NOTE: CARD 13 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Location of their offices," "Had the lowest fees
           or minimum balance requirement," "Able to obtain many
           services at one place," "Offered safety and absence of
           risk," "Some other reason."


X3531      For how many years have you done business with this
           institution?

           For how many years has someone in your family living here
           done business with this institution?

           Code number of years
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (R has no checking accounts: X3501^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 60
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
IRA/KEOGH ACCOUNTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3601      Do you have any Individual Retirement Accounts, that is,
           IRA or Keogh accounts?

           Do you or anyone in your family here have any Individual
           Retirement Accounts, that is, IRA or Keogh accounts?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to IRA/Keogh account of R
#2 refers to IRA/Keogh account of spouse/partner
#3 refers to IRA/Keogh account of other PEU member
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3602(#1)  Are any of the IRA or Keogh accounts yours?

X3612(#2)  Does your spouse have IRA or Keogh accounts?

           Does your partner have IRA or Keogh accounts?

X3622(#3)  Do any other family members have IRA or Keogh accounts?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO (or: no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1/no other
                PEU members: (X113, X119, X125, X131, X137, X207, X213,
                X219, X225)^=1)
            0.  Inap. (No IRA/Keogh accounts: X3601^=1)


X3603(#1)  How many IRA and Keogh accounts do you have?


X3613(#2)  How many IRA and Keogh accounts does your spouse have?

           How many IRA and Keogh accounts does your partner have?

X3623(#3)  How many IRA and Keogh accounts do your other family
           members have?

           Code number of accounts
            0.  Inap. (No IRA/Keogh accounts: X3601^=1; no IRA/Keoghs:
                X3601^=1/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1/no other
                PEU members: (X113, X119, X125, X131, X137, X207, X213,
                X219, X225)^=1; person has no account: X3602^=1/
                X3612^=1/X3622^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************


           About your (account, is this an/accounts, are these) IRA or
           Keogh account(s)?

           About your spouse's (account, is this an/accounts, are these)
           IRA or Keogh account(s)? 

           About your partner's (account, is this/accounts, are these)
           IRA or Keogh account(s)?

           About your other family member's (account, is
           this/accounts, are these) IRA or Keogh(s)? 


X3604(#1)  IRA
X3614(#2)
X3624(#3)

X3605(#1)  KEOGH
X3615(#2)
X3625(#3)

            1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (No IRA/Keogh accounts: X3601^=1; no IRA/Keoghs:
                X3601^=1/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1/no other
                PEU members: (X113, X119, X125, X131, X137, X207, X213,
                X219, X225)^=1; person has no account: X3602^=1/
                X3612^=1/X3622^=1; if only one account either IRA or
                KEOGH is inap.)


X3610(#1)  How much in total is in your [IRA(s)/Keogh account(s)/IRA
X3620(#2)  and Keogh accounts]?
X3630(#3)
           How much in total is in your spouse's [IRA(s)/Keogh account(s)/IRA
           and Keogh accounts]?

           How much in total is in your partner's [IRA(s)/Keogh account(s)/IRA
           and Keogh accounts]?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (No IRA/Keogh accounts: X3601^=1; no IRA/Keoghs:
                X3601^=1/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1/no other
                PEU members: (X113, X119, X125, X131, X137, X207, X213,
                X219, X225)^=1; person has no account: X3602^=1/
                X3612^=1/X3622^=1)


(#1): X3606 X3607 X3608 X3609 X7501 X6721
(#2): X3616 X3617 X3618 X3619 X7502 X6722
(#3): X3626 X3627 X3628 X3629 X7503
           Please look at the Institutions Card. (Is this account/are
           these accounts) with any of the institutions on the
           Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  (CODE ALL THAT
           APPLY.)  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution(s)?)  (IF
           SOMEPLACE ELSE: What  type(s) of institution(s)?
           (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
           INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (No IRA/Keogh accounts: X3601^=1; no IRA/Keoghs:
                X3601^=1/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1/no other
                PEU members: (X113, X119, X125, X131, X137, X207, X213,
                X219, X225)^=1; person has no account: X3602^=1/
                X3612^=1/X3622^=1; at least one institution field must
                be filled out, but higher order fields may be inap.)

(#1): X9119 X9120 X9121 X9122 X9209 X9223
(#2): X9123 X9124 X9125 X9126 X9210 X9224
(#3): X9127 X9128 X9129 X9130 X9211
           Recode: type of institution

            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (No IRA/Keogh accounts: X3601^=1; no IRA/Keoghs:
                X3601^=1/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1/no other
                PEU members: (X113, X119, X125, X131, X137, X207, X213,
                X219, X225)^=1; person has no account: X3602^=1/
                X3612^=1/X3622^=1; at least one institution field must
                be filled out, but higher order fields may be inap.)


X3631      How is the money in (this/all of these) IRA and Keogh
           accounts(s) invested?  Is most of it in CDs or other bank
           accounts, most of it in stocks, most of it in bonds or
           similar assets, or what?

           How is the money in (all) your family's IRA and Keogh
           account(s) invested?  Is most of it in CDs or other bank
           accounts, most of it in stocks, most of it in bonds or
           similar assets, or what?

            1.  CDs/Bank accounts; "money market"
            2.  Stock; "mutal funds"
            3.  Bonds/Similar assets; T-Bills; treasury notes
            4.  Combinations of 1, 2, & 3 ; "mixed"/"diversified" -- NFS
            5.  Combiantion of 2 & 3 above
            6.  Combination of 1 & 2 above
           11.  Universal life policy or other similar insurance product
           12.  Annuity
           13.  Commodities
           14.  Real estate/mortgages
           15.  Limited partnership/other similar investment
           16.  Brokerage account/cash management account (CMA)
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (No IRA/Keogh accounts: X3601^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
MONEY MARKET ACCOUNTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3701      Not including any accounts I have already recorded, do you
           have any money market accounts?  

           Not including any accounts I have already recorded, do you
           or anyone in your family here have any money market accounts?  

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3702      Altogether, how many of these money market accounts do you
           have?

           Altogether, how many of these money market accounts do you
           and your family living here have?

           Code number of accounts
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************

X6696      Originally reported value of X3702 (see ingroduction)
           Code number of accounts
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to the first money market account
#2 refers to the second money market account
#3 refers to the third money market account
#4 refers to the remaining money market accounts
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3703(#1)  Does this account have check-writing privileges?
X3708(#2)
X3713(#3)  Does the largest account have check-writing privileges?

           Does the next largest account have check-writing privileges?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3702<2/fewer than 3 account: X3702<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3703<4)

X3704(#1)  Is this a tax-free money market account? 
X3709(#2)
X3714(#3)   1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3702<2/fewer than 3 account: X3702<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3703<4)


X3705(#1)  Please look at the Institutions Card. Is this account with
X3710(#2)  any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
X3715(#3)  someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
           (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
           (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW
           INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3702<2/fewer than 3 account: X3702<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3703<4)


X9131(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9132(#2)
X9133(#3)   See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3702<2/fewer than 3 account: X3702<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3703<4)


X3706(#1)  How much is in this account?
X3711(#2)
X3716(#3)  Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3702<2/fewer than 3 account: X3702<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3703<4)


X7613(#1)  Is this a joint money market account, or is the account in
X7615(#2)  your name, in your husband's name, or something else?
X7617(#3)
           Is this a joint money market account, or is the account in
           your name, in your wife's name, or something else?

           Is this a joint money market account, or is the account in
           your name, in your partner's name, or something else?

           Is this money market account in your name or something else?

           Is this a joint money market account, or is the account in
           your name?

            1.  Joint account
            2.  R's account
            3.  Spouse's/partner's account
            4.  Other family member's account
            5.  Child only
            6.  Child and respondent or spouse
            7.  Other relative
            8.  Other relative with respondent or spouse
            9.  Unrelated person, NFS
           10.  Unrelated person with respondent or spouse
           50.  Trust account
           51.  Personal business account
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3702<2/fewer than 3 account: X3702<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3703<4; R lives alone: X101=1)


X3718(#4)  How much is in all your remaining money market accounts?

           How much is in all your family's remaining money market
           accounts?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no money market accounts: X3701^=1; fewer than 4
                accounts: X3702<4)

X8447(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no money market accounts: X3701^=1; did not
                break off early in grid)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3719      Not including CDs that are part of IRAs or Keoghs, do you
           have any CDs or certificates of deposit at financial
           institutions?

           Not including CDs that are part of IRAs or Keoghs, do you
           or anyone in your family here have any CDs or certificates
           of deposit at financial institutions?  

           (IF R ASKS:  CDs ARE CERTIFICATES HELD FOR A SET PERIOD OF
           TIME THAT MUST BE CASHED OR RENEWED AT THE MATURITY DATE.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3720      Altogether, how many such CDs do you have?

           Altogether, how many such CDs do you and your family living
           here have?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no certificates of deposit: X3719^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 20
           *********************************************


X3721      What is the total dollar value of all these CDs?

           What is the total dollar value of this CD?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no certificates of deposit: X3719^=1)


X3722 X3723 X3724 X3725 X7618 X6654 X6655
           (Please look the at Institutions Card.) Is this CD with any
           of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
           someplace else?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY) (IF INSTITUTIONS
           CARD:  Which institution?) (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE:  What type
           of institution?) (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTIONS CARD AND
           UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

           (Please look the at Institutions Card.) Are these CDs with
           any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
           someplace else?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY) (IF INSTITUTIONS
           CARD:  Which institutions?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE:  What
           types of institutions?) (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTIONS
           CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no certificates of deposit: X3719^=1; if there
                are any CDs, the first field must be non-zero, but
                higher order fields may be inap.)

X9134 X9135 X9136 X9137 X9214 X9217 X9218
           Recode: type of institution
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)

            0.  Inap. (no certificates of deposit: X3719^=1; if there
                are any CDs, the first field must be non-zero, but
                higher order fields may be inap.)


X7620      Is this CD held jointly, or is it in your name, in your
           husband's name, or something else?

           Is this CD held jointly, or is it in your name, in your
           wife's name, or something else?

           Is this CD held jointly, or is it in your name, in your
           partner's name, or something else?

           Is this CD in your name or something else?

           Is this CD held jointly, or is it in your name?

           Is most of the money in these CDs held jointly, or is most
           of it in your name, in your husband's name, or something else?

           Is most of the money in these CDs held jointly, or is most
           of it in your name, in your wife's name, or something else?

           Is most of the money in these CDs held jointly, or is most
           of it in your name, in your partner's name, or something else?

           Is most of the money in these CDs in your name or something else?

           Is most of the money in these CDs held jointly, or is most
           of it in your name?

            1.  Joint account
            2.  R's account
            3.  Spouse's/partner's account
            4.  Other family member's account
            5.  Child only
            6.  Child and respondent or spouse
            7.  Other relative
            8.  Other relative with respondent or spouse
            9.  Unrelated person, NFS
           10.  Unrelated person with respondent or spouse
           11.  Equal amounts in R/spouse names
           50.  Trust account
           51.  Personal business account
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no certificates of deposit: X3719^=1; R lives
                alone: X101=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3801      Do you have any other accounts at banks, savings and loan
           associations, or credit unions?  These could be passbook
           accounts, share accounts, Christmas Club accounts, or any
           other type of savings account.

           Do you or anyone in your family living here have any other
           accounts at banks, savings and loan associations, or credit
           unions?  These could be passbook accounts, share accounts,
           Christmas Club accounts, or any other type of savings account.

            1.  YES
            5.  NO



X3802      How many such accounts do you have?

           How many such accounts do you and your family living here
           have?

           Code number of accounts
            0.  Inap. (no savings accoutnsL X3801^=1)
           ********************************************
             FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           ********************************************

X6697      Originally reported value of X3802 (see introduction)

           Code number of accounts
            0.  Inap. (no savings accounts: X3801^=1)
           ********************************************
             FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to the first savings account
#2 refers to the second savings account
#3 refers to the third savings account
#4 refers to the fourth savings account
#5 refers to the fifth savings account
#6 refers to the remaining savings accounts
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3803(#1)  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is this account with
X3806(#2)  any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
X3809(#3)  someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
X3812(#4)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
X3815(#5)  (INTERVIEWER: CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A
           NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

           Please look at the Institutions Card. Is the largest
           account with any of the institutions on the Institutions
           Card, or from someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which
           institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution
           is that?) (INTERVIEWER:  CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND
           UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

           Please look at the Institutions Card. Is the next largest
           account with any of the institutions on the Institutions
           Card, or from someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which
           institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution
           is that?) (INTERVIEWER:  CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND
           UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no savings accounts: X3801^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3802<2/fewer than 3 account: X3802<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3802<4/fewer than 5 accounts: X3802<5)

X9138(#1)  Recode: type of institution
X9139(#2)
X9140(#3)   See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
X9141(#4)   0.  Inap. (no savings accounts: X3801^=1/fewer than 2
X9142(#5)       accounts: X3802<2/fewer than 3 account: X3802<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3802<4/fewer than 5 accounts: X3802<5)


X3804(#1)  How much is in this account? 
X3807(#2)
X3810(#3)  Code amount
X3813(#4)  -1.  Nothing
X3816(#5)   0.  Inap. (no savings accounts: X3801^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3802<2/fewer than 3 account: X3802<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3802<4/fewer than 5 accounts: X3802<5)


 ***Many unresolved -7's as no verbatim responses were recorded
X7622(#1)  Is this a joint savings account, or is the account in your
X7624(#2)  name, in your husband's name, or something else?
X7626(#3)
X7628(#4)  Is this a joint savings account, or is the account in your
X7630(#5)  name, in your wife's name, or something else?

           Is this a joint savings account, or is the account in your
           name, in your partner's name, or something else?

           Is this savings account in your name or something else?

           Is this a joint savings account, or is the account in your
           name?

            1.  Joint account
            2.  R's account
            3.  Spouse's/partner's account
            4.  Other family member's account
            5.  Child only
            6.  Child and respondent or spouse
            7.  Other relative
            8.  Other relative with respondent or spouse
            9.  Unrelated person, NFS
           10.  Unrelated person with respondent or spouse
           50.  Trust account
           51.  Personal business account
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no savings accounts: X3801^=1/fewer than 2
                accounts: X3802<2/fewer than 3 account: X3802<3/fewer
                than 4 accounts: X3802<4/fewer than 5 accounts: X3802<5)
           NOTE: program error on this question resulted in failure to
           capture verbatim responses to "other."


X3818(#6)  How much is in all your remaining savings accounts?  (What
           was the average over the last month?)

           How much is in all your family's remaining savings
           accounts?   (What was the average over the last month?)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no savings accounts: X3801^=1; fewer than 6
                accounts: X3802<6)

X8448(#6)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap.  (no savings accounts: X3801^=1; did not
                break off early in grid)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
MUTUAL FUNDS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3819      Not including any pension-type, thrift-saving, 401K, or
           IRA/Keogh plans, 

           do you have any shares in mutual funds?

           do you or anyone in your family here have any shares in
           mutual funds?  

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3821      I need to know what types of mutual funds you have.  Do you
           have. . . 
           Stock Funds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1)


X3822      What is the total market value of all of the Stock Funds
           that you have?

           What is the total market value of all of the Stock Funds 
           that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no stock funds: X3821^=1)


X3823      Do you have. . .
           Tax-Free Bond Funds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1)


X3824      What is the total market value of all of the Tax-Free Bond
           Funds that you have?

           What is the total market value of all of the Tax-Free Bond
           Funds that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no tax-free bond
                funds: X3823^=1)


X3825      Do you have. . .
           Government or Government backed Bond Funds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1)


X3826      What is the total market value of all of the Government or
           Government backed Bond Funds that you have?

           What is the total market value of all of the Government or
           Government backed bond funds that you and your family
           living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no government or
                government backed bond funds: X3825^=1)


X3827      Do you have. . .
           Other Bond Funds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1)


X3828      What is the total market value of all of the Other Bond Funds 
           that you have?

           What is the total market value of all of the Other Bond Funds 
           that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no other bond
                funds: X3827^=1)



X3829      Do you have. . .
           Combination funds or any other mutual funds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1)


X3830      What is the total market value of all of the Combination
           funds or any other mutual funds that you have?

           What is the total market value of all of the Combination
           funds or any other mutual funds that you and your family
           living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no combination or
                other types of mutual funds: X3829^=1)


If the R reported having a mutual fund (X3819=1) , but answered NO to
having all types (X3821=5, X3823=5, X3825=5, X3827=5, and X3829=5),
the the CAPI program asked what type of fund the R had and requested
the total amount in mutual funds;  based on the information provided,
these funds were reclassified.  If the R gave a missing value response
to the value of all types of mutual funds that R reported having (J3821<90
and J3822>91, J3823<90 and J3824>91, J3825<90 and J3826>91, J3827<90
and J3828>91, and J3829<90 and J3830>91) then the total amount was
asked.  As in the cases where R broke off before completing a grid,
this total amount was used as a constraint in the imputation of the
individual components.
X6704      What is the total market value of all of the mutual funds
           that you have?

           What is the total market value of all of the mutual funds
           that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; R either provided
                nonmissing responses for at least one of the relevant
                amounts for applicable types)


X3820      In how many different mutual funds do you own shares?  

           In how many different mutual funds does your family own
           shares?

           (INTERVIEWER:  WE WANT THE NUMBER OF FUNDS, NOT THE NUMBER
           OF FUND MANAGEMENT COMPANIES.)

           Code number of funds
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1)
           ********************************************
             FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 25
           ********************************************


X3831      Overall has there been a gain or loss in the value of all
           these mutual fund shares since you obtained them?

           Overall has there been a gain or loss in the value of all
           these mutual fund shares since you or someone in your
           family here obtained them?

            1.  Gain
            3.  Neither gain nor loss
            5.  Loss
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1)


           How much have they gained in value since they were obtained?

X3832      Code percent gain * 100
           -2.  Virtually all
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no gain: X3831^=1)

X3833      Code amount
           -2.  Virtually all
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no gain: X3831^=1)


           How much have they lost in value since they were obtained?

X3834      Code percent * 100
           -2.  Virtually all
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no loss: X3831^=5)

X3835      Code amount
           -2.  Virtually all
            0.  Inap. (no mutual funds: X3819^=1; no loss: X3831^=5)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SAVINGS BONDS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3901      Do you have any U.S. government savings bonds?  (THESE MAY
           BE CALLED SERIES EE OR HH.  ONE WAY THEY CAN BE PURCHASED
           IS BY PAYROLL DEDUCTION.)

           Do you or anyone in your family here have any
           U.S. government savings bonds?  (THESE MAY BE CALLED SERIES
           EE OR HH.  ONE WAY THEY CAN BE PURCHASED IS BY PAYROLL DEDUCTION.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3902      What is the total face value of all the savings bonds that you

           have?

           and your family have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no savings bonds: X3901^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
BONDS OTHER THAN SAVINGS BONDS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3903      Not including any bonds or bills held in pension accounts
           or trusts, or in accounts I have already recorded, do you
           have any other corporate, municipal, government, or other
           type of bonds or bills?

           Not including any bonds or bills held in pension accounts
           or trusts, or in accounts I have already recorded, do you
           or anyone here have any other corporate, municipal,
           government, or other type of bonds or bills?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3905      I need to know what types of bonds or bills you have.  Do
           you have. . .
           Mortgage-backed bonds such as those from "Ginnie-Mae",
           "Fannie-Mae" or "Freddie-Mac"?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1)


X3906      What is the face value of all of the Mortgage-backed bonds
           that you have?

           What is the face value of all of the Mortgage-backed bonds 
           that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no mortgage backed bonds:
                X3905^=1)


X7635      What is the total market value?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no mortgage backed bonds:
                X3905^=1)


X3907      Do you have. . .
           U.S. Government bonds or Treasury bills?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1)


X3908      What is the face value of all of the U.S. Government bonds
           or Treasury bills that you have?

           What is the face value of all of the U.S. Government bonds
           or Treasury bills that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no govenment bonds or bills:
                X3907^=1)


X7636      What is the total market value?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no govenment bonds or bills:
                X3907^=1)


X3909      Do you have. . .
           State or municipal bonds, or other taxfree bonds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1)


X3910      What is the face value of all of the State or municipal
           bonds, or other taxfree bonds that you have?

           What is the face value of all of the State or municipal
           bonds, or other taxfree bonds that you and your family
           living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no taxfree bonds: X3909^=1)


X7637      What is the total market value?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no taxfree bonds: X3909^=1)


X7631      Do you have. . .
           Foreign bonds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1)


X7633      What is the face value of all of the Foreign bonds 
           that you have?

           What is the face value of all of the Foreign bonds 
           that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no foreign bonds: X7631^=1)


X7638      What is the total market value?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no foreign bonds: X7631^=1)


X7632      Do you have. . .
           Corporate or any other type of bonds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1)


X7634      What is the face value of all of the Corporate or any other
           type of bonds that you have?

           What is the face value of all of the Corporate or any other
           type of bonds that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no corporate bonds: X7632^=1)


X7639      What is the total market value?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; no corporate bonds: X7632^=1)


If the R reported having some type of bonds (X3903=1) , but answered NO
to having all types (X3905=5, X3907=5, X3909=5, X7631=5, and X7632=5),
the the CAPI program asked what type of bond the R had and requested
the total face and market value of all bonds;  based on the
information provided, these bonds were reclassified.  If the R gave a
missing value response to the face value of all types of bonds that R
reported having (J3905<90 and J3906>91, J3907<90 and J3908>91,
J3909<90 and J3910>91, J7631<90 and J7633>91, and J7632<90 and
J7634>91) then the total face value was asked.  As in the cases where
R broke off before completing a grid, this total amount was used as a
constraint in the imputation of the individual components.
X6705      What is the face value of all of the bonds that you have?

           What is the face value of all of the bonds that you and your
           family living here have?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; R either provided
                nonmissing responses for at least one of the relevant
                amounts for applicable types)


If the R reported having some type of bonds (X3903=1) , but answered NO
to having all types (X3905=5, X3907=5, X3909=5, X7631=5, and X7632=5),
the the CAPI program asked what type of bond the R had and requested
the total face and market value of all bonds;  based on the
information provided, these bonds were reclassified.  If the R gave a
missing value response to the market value of all types of bonds that R
reported having (J3905<90 and J7635>91, J3907<90 and J7636>91,
J3909<90 and J7637>91, J7631<90 and J7638>91, and J7632<90 and
J7639>91) then the total market value was asked.  As in the cases where
R broke off before completing a grid, this total amount was used as a
constraint in the imputation of the individual components.
X6706      What is the total market value?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1; R either provided
                nonmissing responses for at least one of the relevant
                amounts for applicable types)


X3904      How many different bonds or bills do you own?

           How many different bonds or bills do you or your family own?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no bonds: X3903^=1)
           *********************************************
             FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 150
           *********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
PUBLICLY TRADED STOCK
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3913      Not including any stock held through mutual funds, pension
           accounts or trusts, or in accounts or businesses that I
           have already recorded, do you own any stock which is
           publicly traded?

           Not including any stock held through mutual funds, pension
           accounts or trusts, or in accounts or businesses that I
           have already recorded, do you or anyone in your family
           living here own any stock which is publicly traded?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3914      In how many different companies do you own stock?

           In how many different companies do you or your family
           living here own stock?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1)
           *********************************************
             FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 150
           *********************************************


X3915      What is the total market value of this stock?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1)


X3921      Of your publicly-traded stock, is any of it stock in a
           company where you work or have worked?

           Of your family's publicly-traded stock, is any of it stock
           in a company where you or anyone in your family living here
           work or have worked?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1)


X7191      Is this stock included in the totals you gave before?

            1.  YES
            3.  NO initially, but fixed in editing YES
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1; no stock in company where
                work: X3921^=1)


X3922      What is the total market value of your stock in the company?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1; no stock in company where
                work: X3921^=1)


X7640      Of your stock, is any of it stock in a company
           headquartered outside of the United States?

           Of your family's stock, is any of it stock in a company
           headquartered outside of the United States?

            1.  YES
            4.  Yes, but included with company stock
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1)


X7192      Is this stock included in the totals you gave before?

            1.  YES
            3.  NO initially, but fixed in editing YES
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1; no foreign stock: X7640^=1)


X7641      What is the total market value in dollars of this stock?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1; no foreign stock: X7640^=1)


X3916      Overall has there been a gain or loss in the value of this
           stock since you obtained it?

           Overall has there been a gain or loss in the value of all
           of your family's stock since you or someone in your family
           here obtained it?
            1.  Gain
            3.  Neither gain nor loss
            5.  Loss
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1)


           How much has it gained in value since it was obtained?

X3917      Code percent * 100
           -2.  Virtually all
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1; no gain: X3916^=1)

X3918      Code amount
           -2.  Virtually all
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1; no gain: X3916^=1)


           How much has it lost in value since it was obtained?

X3919      Code percent * 100
           -2.  Virtually all
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1; no loss: X3916^=5)

X3920      Code amount
           -2.  Virtually all
            0.  Inap. (no stocks: X3913^=1; no loss: X3916^=5)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
BROKERAGE ACCOUNTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3923      Do you have a brokerage account for the purchase or sale of
           stocks and other securities?

           Do you or anyone in your family here have a brokerage
           account for the purchase or sale of stocks and other securities?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X3924 X3925 X3926 X3927 X7642 X6668 X6669
           Please look at the Institutions Card.  (Is this/Are these)
           account(s) with any of the institutions on the Institutions
           Card, or from someplace else?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.)  (IF
           INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution(s)?)  (IF SOMEPLACE
           ELSE: What type(s) of institution(s)?)  (INTERVIEWER: CHECK
           INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1)

X9143 X9144 X9145 X9146 X9212 X9219 X9220
           Recode: type of institution

            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1)


           Over the past year, about how many times did you buy or
           sell stocks or other securities through a broker?  

           Over the past year, about how many times did you or anyone
           in your family living here buy or sell stocks or other
           securities through a broker?

X3928      Code number
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1)
           *********************************************
             FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 300
           *********************************************


X7193      Code frequency
            1.  DAILY
            2.  WEEKLY
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  MONTHLY
            5.  QUARTERLY
            6.  YEARLY
            8.  In total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           25.  Over 2 years
           -1.  None
           -7.  OTHER
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1)


X3929      Not including any accounts you've told me about, do you
           have a "cash" or "call money" account at a stock brokerage?

           Not including any accounts you've told me about, do you or
           anyone in your family living here have a "cash" or "call
           money" account at a stock brokerage?

           (IF R ASKS: CASH OR CALL MONEY ACCOUNTS HOLD MONEY RECEIVED
           FROM THE SALE OF STOCK UNTIL THE MONEY IS REINVESTED.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1)


X3930      What is the total dollar value of all the cash or call
           money accounts

           that you have?

           that you and your family living here have?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1; no call
                account: X3929^=1)


X3931      Other than loans you have already told me about, do you
           have any margin loans at a stock brokerage?

           Other than loans you have already told me about, do you or
           anyone in your family living here have any margin loans at
           a stock brokerage?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1)


X7194      Did you tell me about this loan earlier?

            1.  YES
            4.  originaly reported YES, but no apparent match in data
            5.  NO
            6.  originally reported YES, partially recorded earlier
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1; no margin loan:
                X3931^=1)


X7195      Which loan was that?

            1.  Credit Card
            2.  1st Mortgage
            3.  2nd Mortgage
            4.  Home Equity Loan
            5.  Line of Credit
            6.  Other Real Estate Loan
            7.  Other                   --> -7
            8.  vehicle loan
            9.  education loan
           10.  other "section I" loan
           12.  remodeling loan
           13.  More than one mortgage on principal residence
           14.  Combination of line of credit and other real estate loan
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1; no margin loan:
                X3931^=1; not reported earlier: X7194^=1 or 6)


X3932      Altogether, what is the current balance on these margin loans?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no brokerage account: X3923^=1; no margin loan:
                X3931^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRUSTS, ANNUITIES, AND MANAGED INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X3933      Not including pension-type accounts, or any assets that I
           have already recorded, do you receive income from or have
           assets in a trust, annuity, or managed investment account
           that you have not already told me about?

           Not including pension-type accounts, or any assets that I
           have already recorded, do you or anyone in your family here
           receive income from or have assets in a trust, annuity, or
           managed investment account that you have not already told
           me about?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


           What are these; are they legal trusts, annuities, or
           managed investment accounts?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)

X3934      TRUSTS
X3935      ANNUITIES
X3936      MANAGED INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS
X3937      OTHER

            1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
           10.  Charitable remainder trust: does not include
                donor-advised funds where R has surrendered all benefit
                from the asset (X3937 only)
            0.  Inap. (no trusts, annuites or MIAs: X3933^=1)
           *********************************************
             FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CHARITABLE 
             REMAINDER TRUSTS ARE INCLUDED IN X3934
           *********************************************


X3938      Are any of these set up so that you are legally entitled
           only to the income and do not have an equity interest?

           Are any of these set up so that you or your family living
           here are legally entitled only to the income and do not
           have an equity interest?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no trusts, annuites or MIAs: X3933^=1)


X3939      How much income did you receive from these income-only
           trusts, annuities, or accounts in 1994?

           How much income did your family living here receive from
           these income-only trusts, annuities, or accounts in 1994?

           Code amount 
            0.  Inap. (no trusts, annuites or MIAs: X3933^=1; no
                income-only trusts: X3938^=1)


X3940      Do you also have annuities, trusts, or managed investment
           accounts in which you have an equity interest?

           Do you or your family living here also have annuities,
           trusts, or managed investment accounts in which you or your
           family have an equity interest?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no trusts, annuites or MIAs: X3933^=1; no
                income-only trusts: X3938^=1)


X3942      What is the total dollar amount of your interest in these
           accounts?

           What is the total dollar amount of your family's interest
           in these accounts?

           What is the total dollar value of your interest in all
           annuities, trusts, or managed investment accounts?

           What is the total dollar value of your family's interest in
           all annuities, trusts, or managed investment accounts?

           Code amount 
            0.  Inap. (no trusts, annuites or MIAs: X3933^=1;
                income-only trusts but no equity interest: X3938=1
                and X3940=5)


X3943 X3944 X3945 X3946 X7643
           Who manages your trusts, annuities, or investment
           accounts,--is it any of the institutions on the
           Institutions Card, or are they managed by someone else?
           (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.)

           Who manages your family's trusts, annuities, or investment
           accounts,--is it  any of the institutions on the
           Institutions Card, or are they managed by someone else?
           (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.) (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which
           institution(s)?) (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of
           institution(s) or who manages them?)  (INTERVIEWER:  CHECK
           INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.) 

            1.  Institution 1
            2.  Institution 2
            3.  Institution 3
            4.  Institution 4
            5.  Institution 5
            6.  Institution 6
            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no trusts, annuites or MIAs: X3933^=1)

X9147 X9148 X9149 X9150 X9213
           Recode: type of institution

            See MASTER INSTITIUTION LIST for other codes (See X308)
            0.  Inap. (no trusts, annuites or MIAs: X3933^=1)


X3947      How is the money in these trusts and managed accounts
           invested?  Is most of it in stocks, most of it in bonds or
           other interest-earning assets, or what?

            1.  Stocks; "mutual fund" (except money market)
            2.  Bonds/Interest/CDs/Money Market
            3.  Real estate
            5.  Combination of 1 & 2; mutual funds and CD's
            6.  "Mixed"; "diversified"
            7.  Life insurance; fixed contract; annuities
            8.  Tangible assets other than real estate
            9.  Intangible assets, N.E.C.
           -7.  Other


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIFE INSURANCE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4001      Do you have any life insurance?  Please include individual
           and group policies, but not accident insurance.

           Do you or anyone in your family living here have any life
           insurance?  Please include individual and group policies,
           but not accident insurance.

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X4002      The two major types of life insurance are term and
           cash-value policies.  Term policies pay a benefit if the
           insured person dies, but otherwise have no value.  They are
           often provided through an employer or union, but may also
           be bought by individuals.  Cash-value policies also pay a
           death benefit, but differ in that they build up a value as
           premimums are paid.  Other names for types of cash value
           policies are "whole life" and "universal life."

           Are any of your policies individual term insurance?  

           Are any of your family's policies individual term insurance?  

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1)


X4003      What is the current face value of all the term life
           policies that you  have?  

           What is the current face value of all the term life
           policies that you and your family living here have? 

           (THE FACE VALUE OF A POLICY IS WHAT THE POLICY WOULD PAY IN
           THE EVENT OF DEATH)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no term insurance:
                X4002^=1)

X4004      Do you have any policies that build up a cash value or that
           you can borrow on?  (IF R ASKS:  THESE ARE SOMETIMES CALLED
           "WHOLE LIFE" OR "STRAIGHT LIFE".)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1)


X4005      What is the current face value of all of the policies that
           build up a  cash value that you have?  (THE FACE VALUE OF A
           POLICY IS WHAT THE POLICY WOULD PAY IN THE EVENT OF DEATH.)

           What is the current face value of all of the policies that
           build up a cash value that you and your family living here
           have?  (THE FACE VALUE OF A POLICY IS WHAT THE POLICY WOULD
           PAY IN THE EVENT OF DEATH.)  

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1)


X4006      What is the total cash value of these policies?  (THE CASH
           VALUE OF A POLICY IS WHAT THE INSURANCE COMPANY WOULD PAY
           IF THE POLICY WERE SURRENDERED BEFORE DEATH.)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1)


X4007      Are you borrowing against these policies?

           Are you or your family borrowing against these policies?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; cash value=0; X4006=-1)


X4008      Is the cash value you just gave me the net cash value, that
           is the total cash value minus the loan, or is it the gross
           cash value?

            1.  Net
            2.  Gross
            3.  Originally reported net, but edited gross
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; not borrowing on policy:
                X4007^=1; cash value=0: X4006=-1)


X4009      Did I record these loans earlier in the interview?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; not borrowing on policy:
                X4007^=1; cash value=0: X4006=-1)


X7645      Where did you tell me about these loans?

            1.  Credit Card
            2.  1st Mortgage
            3.  2nd Mortgage
            4.  Home Equity Loan
            5.  Line of Credit
            6.  Other Real Estate Loan
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; not borrowing on policy:
                X4007^=1; cash value=0: X4006=-1; loan not reported 
                earlier: X4009^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8175       Recode: Link code for loan mentioned earlier

            1.  X415
            2.  X416
            3.  X717
            4.  X418
            5.  X7500
            6.  X6648
            7.  X6649
            8.  X6720
            9.  X817
           10.  X917
           11.  X1017 
           12.  X1046
           13.  X1112
           14.  X1123
           15.  X1134
           16.  X1217
           17.  X1728
           18.  X1828
           19.  X1928
           20.  X2220
           21.  X2320
           22.  X2420
           23.  X7171
           24.  X2521
           25.  X2621
           26.  X7823
           27.  X7846
           28.  X7869
           29.  X7923
           30.  X7946
           31.  X7969
           32.  X2725
           33.  X2742
           34.  X2825
           35.  X2842
           36.  X2925 
           37.  X2942
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; not borrowing on policy:
                X4007^=1; cash value=0: X4006=-1; loan not reported 
                earlier: X4009^=1)


X4010      How much is currently borrowed?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; not borrowing on policy:
                X4007^=1; cash value=0: X4006=-1)


X4011      Typically how much are the payments on these loans?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; not borrowing on policy:
                X4007^=1; cash value=0: X4006=-1)

X4012      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No regular payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; not borrowing on policy:
                X4007^=1; cash value=0: X4006=-1)


X4013      What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on
           these loans?

           Code percent * 100
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1; not borrowing on policy:
                X4007^=1; cash value=0: X4006=-1)


X4014      How much are the premiums for these policies that build up
           a cash value?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1)

X4015      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
           And how often is that amount paid?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           21.  Policy paid up
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  No typical payment
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; no cash value
                insurance: X4004^=1)


If R reported having life insurance (X4001=1), but reports no term
insurance (X4002=5) and no whole life insurance (X4004=5), then the
CAPI program asked R the total face value of all types of life
insurance.  R might also have reported having term insurance, DK
whether other insurance is whole life but still know the face value or
the remaining insurance.  If an amount was provided, it was used as a
constraint on the imputation of the face value of term/cash value
insurance.
X4016      Other than this term insurance, what is the current face
           value of all the life insurance you own?

           What is the current face value of all the life insurance
           you own?

           Other than this term insurance, what is the current face
           value of all the life insurance you and your family living
           here own?

           What is the current face value of all the life insurance
           you and your family living here own?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no life insurance: X4001^=1; whole life
                insurance: X4004=1; term insurance and not DK
                existence of whole life insurance: X4002=1 and
                J4004^=2050)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
MISCELLANEOUS ASSETS AND DEBTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4017      We have talked about various types of savings, investments,
           and loans.  Other than what I have already recorded, are
           you owed any money by friends, relatives outside the
           immediate family, businesses, or others?   (WE DO NOT WANT
           TO INCLUDE LOANS BETWEEN FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT FAMILY
           MEMBERS.)
           We have talked about various types of savings, investments,
           and loans.  Other than what I have already recorded, are
           you or anyone in your family living here owed any money by
           friends, relatives outside the immediate family,
           businesses, or others?  (WE DO NOT WANT TO INCLUDE LOANS
           BETWEEN FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT FAMILY MEMBERS.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X4018      Altogether, how much are you owed?

           Code amount
            0.  (R not owed money: X4017^=1)


X4019      Other than pension assets, do you have any other
           substantial assets that I haven't already recorded -- for
           example, artwork, precious metals, antiques, oil and gas
           leases, futures contracts, future proceeds from a lawsuit
           or estate that is being settled, royalties, or something
           else?  (DO NOT INCLUDE PENSION-TYPE OR EMPLOYER
           PROFIT-SHARING ACCOUNTS HERE.)

           Other than pension assets, do you or anyone in your family
           living here have any other substantial assets that I
           haven't already recorded -- for example, artwork, precious
           metals, antiques, oil and gas leases, futures contracts,
           future proceeds from a lawsuit or estate that is being
           settled, royalties, or something else?  (DO NOT INCLUDE
           PENSION-TYPE OR EMPLOYER PROFIT-SHARING ACCOUNTS HERE.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to the first misc. asset
#2 refers to the second misc. asset
#3 refers to the third misc. asset
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4020(#1)  About the most valuable of these .. 
X4024(#2)  What kind of asset is it?
X4028(#3)
            1.  Gold
            2.  Silver (incl. silverware)
            3.  Other metals or metals NA type
           10.  Jewelry; gem stones (incl. antique)
           11.  Cars (antique or classic)
           12.  Antiques; furniture
           13.  Art objects; paintings, sculpture, textile art,
                ceramic art, photographs
           14.  (Rare) books
           15.  Coin collections
           16.  Stamp collections
           17.  Guns
           18.  Real estate (exc. cemetery)
           19.  Cemetery plots
           20.  China; figurines; crystal/glassware
           21.  Musical instruments
           22.  Livestock; horses; crops
           23.  Oriental rugs
           24.  Furs
           25.  Other collections, incl. baseball cards, records, wine
           61.  Loans to friends/relatives
           62.  Other loans/debts owed to R
           63.  Cash, n.e.c.
           64.  Future proceeds from a lawsuit
           65.  Future proceeds from an estate
           66.  Deferred compensation
           71.  Oil/gas/mineral leases or investments
           72.  (Commodity) futures contracts
           73.  Royalties
           74.  Non-publicly traded stock
           75.  Computer
           76.  Equipment/tools, NEC
           77.  Future lottery/prize receipts
           78.  Association or exchange membership
           79.  Other obligations to R; tax credits
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no misc. assets: X4019^=1; no further misc.
                     assets)
           ******************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODES 14 AND 23 ARE
              COMBINED WITH 12; CODE 61 IS COMBINED WITH 62;
              CODE 65 IS COMBINED WITH 64; CODE 72 HAS BEEN
              COMBINED WITH CODE 71; CODES 77 AND 79 HAVE BEEN
              COMBINED WITH -7.
           ******************************************************


X4022(#1)  What is the total dollar value that you have in
X4026(#2)  this asset?
X4030(#3)
           What is the total dollar value that you and your family
           living here have in this asset?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no misc. assets: X4019^=1/no second asset:
                X4023^=1/no third asset: X4027^=1)


X4023(#2)  Do you have any other such substantial assets?
X4027(#3)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no misc. assets: X4019^=1/no third asset:
                X4027^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X4031      Do you owe any other money not recorded earlier?  (WE DO
           NOT WANT TO INCLUDE LOANS BETWEEN FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT
           FAMILY MEMBERS.)

           Do you or anyone in your family living here owe any other
           money not recorded earlier?  (WE DO NOT WANT TO INCLUDE
           LOANS BETWEEN FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT FAMILY MEMBERS.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X4032      How much is owed?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no misc. debts: X4031^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ACCOUNTS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X7647      Thinking about all the accounts we have talked about, are
           any of the accounts you have told me about held in some
           currency other than U.S. dollars?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no accounts: X3501^=1 & X3701 ^=1 & X3719^=1 & X3801^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CURRENT MAIN JOB OF HEAD AND SPOUSE/PARTNER
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to current job information for head
#2 refers to current job information for spouse/partner
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X7196(#1)  INTERVIEWER: IF SPOUSE/PARTNER IS PRESENT, TRY TO OBTAIN
X7263(#2)  EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION FROM (HIM/HER) DIRECTLY.
           INTERVIEWER:   WHO IS PROVIDING EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION
           ABOUT THE RESPONDENT?

            1.  HEAD
            2.  SPOUSE/PARTNER
            3.  Case was a breakoff/data missing because of iwer/CAPI error
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse)


(#1) X6670 X6671 X6672 X6673 X6674 X6675 X6676 X6677
(#2) X6678 X6679 X6680 X6681 X6682 X6683 X6684 X6685
           We are interested in your (spouse's/partner's) present job
           status.  (Are you/Is [he/she]) working now, temporarily
           laid off, unemployed and  looking  for work, disabled and
           unable to work, retired, a student, a homemaker, or what? 
           CODE ALL THAT APPLY (SHOW CARD 14)

            1.  Working now or on strike
            2.  Temporarily laid off - on sick or other leave; seasonal
                work and not working now
            3.  Unemployed and looking for work
            4.  Student
            5.  Homemaker
            6.  Disabled
            7.  Retired
           10.  Unpaid volunteer
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no further instances; for R at least the first
                field must be filled out/no spouse or no further
                instances beyond the first field)

           NOTE: CARD 14 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Working now or on strike," "Temporarily laid off;
           on sick leave or other type of leave," "Unemployed and
           looking for work," "Student," "Homemaker," "Disabled,"
           "Retired," "Other."


X4101(#1)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) expect to go back to this job?
X4701(#2)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not laid off: X6670-X6677^=2/X6678-X6685^=2;/
                no spouse)


X4102(#1)  When did (you/he/she) last work on this job?
X4702(#2)
           Code month
            1.  January
            2.  February
            3.  March
            4.  April
            5.  May
            6.  June
            7.  July
            8.  August
            9.  September
           10.  October
           11.  November
           12.  December
            0.  Inap. (not laid off: X6670-X6677^=2/X6678-X6685^=2;/
                no spouse)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X4103(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X4703(#2)   0.  Inap. (not laid off: X6670-X6677^=2/X6678-X6685^=2;/
                no spouse)


           When did (you/your spouse/partner) become disabled?

           When did (you/your spouse/partner) retire?

X4104(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X4704(#2)   0.  Inap. (not retired or disabled: X6670-X6677^=6 or 7/
                X6678-X6685^=6 or 7;/no spouse)

X7197(#1)  Code age
X7264(#2)   0.  Inap. (not retired or disabled: X6670-X6677^=6 or 7/
                X6678-X6685^=6 or 7;/no spouse)

X7198(#1)  Code mumber of years past
X7265(#2)  -1.  1995
            0.  Inap. (not retired or disabled: X6670-X6677^=6 or 7/
                X6678-X6685^=6 or 7;/no spouse)


X4105(#1)  (Are you/Is [he/she]) doing any work for pay at the present
X4705(#2)  time? 

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (any work status working or laid off but not
                expecting to go back: X6670-X6677=1 or X6670-X6677=2
                and X4101=5/X6678-X6685=1 or X6678-X6685=2 and
                X4701=5;/no spouse)

X4100(#1)  Recode: current work status
X4700(#2)
            11.   Worker only
            12.   Worker + disabled
            13.   Worker + retired
            14.   Worker + student
            15.   Worker + homemaker
            16.   Worker + unemployed/looking for work
            17.   Worker + temporarily laid off
            20.   Temporarily laid off only
            21.   Temporarily laid off--does not expect to return to
                  job and no current work
            30.   Unemployed and looking for work
            50.   Retired only
            52.   Disabled only
            70.   Student only
            80.   Homemaker/other not in labor force only
            85.   Unpaid volunteer
            90.   Unpaid family workers: R's who volunteer that they
                  work in a family business or farm and are unpaid.
                  (Do not include here "volunteer work" for charitable
                  or non-profit organizations.)
            96.   Other combination incl. WORKER
            97.   Other (incl. combination) not including WORKER
           199.   Absent spouse not included in IW
             0.   Inap. (/no spouse)


X4106(#1)  Next are some questions about your (spouse's/partner's)
X4706(#2)  current, main job.  (Do you/Does [he/she]) work for someone
           else, (are you/is [he/she]) self-employed, or what?
           IF R SAYS "I RUN MY OWN BUSINESS", CODE AS SELF-EMPLOYED

            1.  Someone else
            2.  Self-employed; non-corporate business owned by PEU
            3.  Partnership; law firm; medical/dental partnership
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)
           -7.  Other


X7401(#1)  What is the official title of your (spouse's/partner's) job?
X7411(#2)  (The title that (your/her/his) employer uses?)

           What sort of work (do you/does [he/she]) do on
           (your/her/his) job?  (Tell me little more about what (you
           do/[he/she] does).)

           Code Census 1995 3-digit occupation codes
           Code      Occupation
           000-199   MANAGERIAL AND PROFESSIONAL SPECIALTY OCCUPATIONS
           000-037   EXECUTIVE, ADMINISTRATIVE, AND MANAGERIAL OCCUPATIONS
           000-002   Not used
           003       Legislators
           004       Chief executives and general administrators,
                     public administration
           005       Administrators and officials, public administration
           006       Administrators, protective services
           007       Financial managers
           008       Personnel and labor relations managers
           009       Purchasing managers
           010-012   Not used
           013       Managers, marketing, advertising and public relations
           014       Administrators, education and related fields
           015       Managers, medicine and health
           016       Postmasters and mail superintendents
           017       Managers, food serving and lodging establishments
           018       Managers, properties and real estate
           019       Funeral directors
           020       Not used
           021       Managers, service organizations, n.e.c.
           022       Managers and administrators, n.e.c.
           023-037   Management Related Occupations
           023       Accountants and auditors
           024       Underwriters
           025       Other financial officers
           026       Management analysts
           027       Personnel, training, and labor relations specialists
           028       Purchasing agents and buyers, farm products
           029       Buyers, wholesale and retail trade except farm products
           030-032   Not used
           033       Purchasing agents and buyers, n.e.c.
           034       Business and promotion agents
           035       Construction inspectors
           036       Inspectors and compliance officers, except construction
           037       Management related occupations, n.e.c.
           038-042   Not used
           043-199   PROFESSIONAL SPECIALTY OCCUPATIONS
           043-063   Engineers, Architects, and Surveyors
           043       Architects
           044-059   Engineers
           044       Aerospace
           045       Metallurgical and materials
           046       Mining
           047       Petroleum
           048       Chemical
           049       Nuclear
           050-052   Not used
           053       Civil
           054       Agricultural
           055       Electrical and electronic engineers
           056       Industrial
           057       Mechanical
           058       Marine and naval architects
           059       Engineers, n.e.c.
           060-062   Not used
           063       Surveyors and mappin scientists
           064-068   Mathematical and Computer Scientists
           064       Computer systems analysts and scientists
           065       Operations and systems researchers and analysts
           066       Actuaries
           067       Statisticiais
           068       Mathematical scientists, n.e.c.
           069-083   Natural Scientists
           069       Physicists and astronomers
           070-072   Not used
           073       Chemists, except bibchemists
           074       Atmospheric and space scientists
           075       Geologists and geodesists
           076       Physical scientists, n.e.c.
           077       Agricultural and food scientists
           078       Biological and life scientists
           079       Forestry and conservation scientists
           080-082   Not used
           083       Medical scientists
           084-089   Health Diagnosing Occupations
           084       Physicians
           Q85       Dentists
           086       Veterinarians
           087       Optometrists
           088       Podiatrists
           089       Health diagnosing practitioners, n.e.c.
           090-094   Not used
           095-106   Health Assessment and Treating Occupations
           095       Registered nurses
           096       Pharmacists
           097       Dietitians
           098-105   Therapists
           098       Respiratory therapists
           099       Occupational therapists
           100-102   Not used
           103       Physical therapists
           104       Speech therapists
           105       Therapists, n.e.c.
           106       Physicians' assistants
           107-112   Not used
           113-154   Teachers, Postsecondary
           113       Earth, environmental, and marine science teachers
           114       Biological science teachers
           115       Chemistry teachers
           116       Physics teachers
           117       Natural science teachers, n.e.c.
           118       Psychology teachers
           119       Economics teachers
           120-122   Not used
           123       History teachers
           124       Political science teachers
           125       Sociology teachers
           126       Social science teachers, n.e.c.
           127       Engineering teachers
           128       Mathematical science teachers
           129       Computer science teachers
           130-132   Not used
           133       Medical science teachers
           134       Health specialties teachers
           135       Business, commerce, and marketing teachers
           136       Agriculture and forestry teachers
           137       Art, drama, and music teachers
           138       Physical education teachers
           139       Education teachers
           140-142   Not used
           143       English teachers
           144       Foreign language teachers
           145       Law teachers
           146       Social work teachers
           147       Theology teachers
           148       Trade and industrial teachers
           149       Home economics teachers
           150-152   Not used
           153       Teachers, postsecondary, n.e.c.
           154       Postsecondary teachers, subject not specified
           155-159   Teachers, Except Postsecondary
           155       Teachers, prekindergarten and kindergarten
           156       Teachers, elementary school
           157       Teachers, secondary school
           158       Teachers, special education
           159       Teachers, n.e.c.
           160-162   Not used
           163       Counselors, Educational and Vocational
           164-165   Librarians, Archivists, and Curators
           164       Librarians
           165       Archivists and curators
           166-173   Social Scientists and Urban Planners
           166       Economists
           167       Psychologists
           168       Sociologists
           169       Social scientists, n.e.c.
           170-172   Not used
           173       Urban planners
           174-177   Social, Recreation, and Religious Workers
           174       Social workers
           175       Recreation workers
           176       Clergy
           177       Religious workers, n.e.c.
           178-179   Lawyers and Judges
           178       Lawyers
           179       Judges
           180-182   Not used
           183-199   Writers, Artists, Entertainers, and Athletes
           183       Authors
           184       Technical writers
           185       Designers
           186       Musicians and composers
           187       Actors and directors
           188       Painters, sculptors, craft-artists, and artist printmakers
           189       Photographers
           190-192   Not used
           193       Dancers
           194       Artists, performers, and related workers, n.e.c.
           195       Editors and reporters
           196       Not used
           197       Public relations specialists
           198       Announcers 
           199       Athletes 
           200-202   Not used
           203-389   TECHNICAL, SALES, AND ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT OCCUPATIONS
           203-235   TECHNICIANS AND RELATED SUPPORT OCCUPATIONS
           203-208   Health Technologists and Technicians
           203       Clinical laboratory technologists and technicians 
           204       Dental hygienists 
           205       Health record technologists and technicians 
           206       Radiologic technicians 
           207       Licensed practical nurses 
           208       Health technologists and technicians, n.e.c. 
           209-212   Not used
           213-235   Technologists and Technicians, Except Health
           213-218   Engineering and Related Technologists and Technicians
           213       Electrical and electronic technicians 
           214       Industrial engineering technicians 
           215       Mechanical engineering technicians 
           216       Engineering technicians, n.e.c. 
           217       Drafting occupations 
           218       Surveying and mapping technicians 
           219-222   Not used
           223-225   Science Technicians
           223       Biological technicians 
           224       Chemical technicians 
           225       Science technicians, n.e.c. 
           226-235   echnicians, Except Health, Engineering, and Science
           226       Airplane pilots and navigators 
           227       Air traffic controllers 
           228       Broadcast equipment operators 
           229       Computer programmers 
           230-232   Not used
           233       Tool programmers, numerical control 
           234       Legal assistants 
           235       Technicians, n.e.c. 
           236-242   Not used
           243-285   SALES OCCUPATIONS
           243       Supervisors and Proprietors, Sales Occupations 
           244-252   Not used
           253-257   Sales Representatives, Finance and Business Services
           253       Insurance sales occupations 
           254       Real estate sales occupations 
           255       Securities and financial services sales occupations 
           256       Advertising and related sales occupations 
           257       Sales occupations, other business services 
           258-259   Sales Representatives, Commodities, Except Retail
           258       Sales engineers
           259       Sales representatives, mining. manuftcturing, and
                     wholesale
           260-262   Not used
           263-278   Sales Workers, Retail and Personal Services
           263       Sales workers, motor vehicles and boats 
           264       Sales workers, apparel 
           265       Sales workers, shoes 
           266       Sales workers, furniture and home furnishings 
           267       Sales workers, radio, TV, hi-fi and appliances 
           268       Sales workers, hardware and building supplies 
           269       Sales workers, parts 
           270-273   Not used
           274       Sales workers, other commodities 
           275       Sales counter clerks 
           276       Cashiers 
           277       Street and door-to-door sales workers 
           278       News vendors 
           279-282   Not used
           283-285   Sales Related Occupations
           283       Demonstrators, promoters and models, sales 
           284       Auctioneers 
           285       Sales support occupations, n.e.c. 
           286-302   Not used
           303-389   ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT OCCUPATIONS, INCLUDING CLERICAL
           303-307   Supervisors, Administrative Support Occupations
           303       Supervisors, general office 
           304       Supervisors, computer equipment operators 
           305       Supervisors, financial records processing 
           306       Chief communications operators 
           307       Supervisors, distribution, scheduling, and
                     adjusting clerks
           308-309   Computer Equipment Operators
           308       Computer operators 
           309       Peripheral equipment operators 
           310-312   Not used
           313-315   Secretaries, Stenographers, and Typists
           313       Secretaries 
           314       Stenographers 
           315       Typists 
           316-323   Information Clerks
           316       Interviewers 
           317       Hotel clerks 
           318       Transportation ticket and reservation agents 
           319       Receptionists 
           320-322   Not used
           323       Information clerks, n.e.c. 
           324       Not used
           325-336   Records Processing Occupations, Except Financial
           32S       Classified-ad clerks 
           326       Correspondence clerks 
           327       Order clerks 
           328       Personnel clerks, except payroll and timekeeping 
           329       Library clerks 
           330-334   Not used
           335       File clerks 
           336       Records clerks 
           337-344   Financial Records Processing Occupations
           337       Bookkeepers, accounting, and auditing clerks 
           338       Payroll and timekeeping clerks 
           339       Billing clerks 
           340-342   Not used
           343       Cost and rate clerks 
           344       Billing, posting, and calculating machine operators 
           345-347   Duplicating, Mail and Other Office Machine Operators
           345       Duplicating machine operators 
           346       Mail preparing and paper handling machine operators 
           347       Office machine operators, n.e.c. 
           348-353   Communications Equipment Operators
           348       Telephone operators 
           350-352   Not used
           353       Communications equipment operators, n.e.c. 
           354-357   Mail and Message Distributing Occupations
           354       Postal clerks, except mail carriers 
           355       Mail carriers, postal service 
           356       Mail clerks, except postal service 
           357       Messengers 
           358       Not used
           359-374   Material Recording Scheduling, and Distributing Clerks
           359       Dispatchers 
           360-362   Not used
           363       Production coordinators 
           364       Traffic, shipping, and receiving clerks 
           365       Stock and inventory clerks 
           366       Meter readers 
           367       Not used
           368       Weighers, measurers, checkers, and samplers 
           369-372   Not used
           373       Expediters 
           374       Material recording, scheduling, and distributing
                     clerks, n.e.c. 
           375-378   Adjusters and Investigators
           375       Insurance adjusters, examiners, and investigators 
           376       Investigators and adjusters, except insurance 
           377       Eligibility clerks, social welfare 
           378       Bill and account collectors 
           379-389   Miscellaneous Administrative Support Occupations
           379       General office clerks 
           380-382   Not used
           383       Bank tellers 
           384       Proofreaders 
           385       Data-entry keyers 
           386       Statistical clerks 
           387       Teachers' aides 
           388       Not used
           389       Administrative support occupations, n.e.c. 
           390-402   Not used
           403-469   SERVICE OCCUPATIONS
           403-407   PRIVATE HOUSEHOLD OCCUPATIONS
           403       Launderers and ironers 
           404       Cooks, private household 
           405       Housekeepers and butlers 
           406       Child care workers, private household 
           407       Private household cleaners and servants 
           408-412   Not used
           413-427   PROTECTIVE SERVICE OCCUPATIONS
           413-415   Supervisors, Protective Service Occupations
           413       Supervisors, firefighting and fire prevention occupations
           414       Supervisors, police and detectives 
           415       Supervisors, guards 
           416-417   Firefighting and Fire Prevention Occupations
           416       Fire inspection and fire prevention occupations 
           417       Firefighting occupations 
           418-424   Police and Detectives
           418       Police and detectives, public service 
           419-422   Not used
           423       Sheriffs, bailiffs, and other law enforcement officers 
           424       Correctional institution officers 
           425-432   Guards
           425       Crossing guards 
           426       Guards and police, except public service 
           427       Protective service occupations, n.e.c. 
           428-432   Not used
           433-469   SERVICE OCCUPATIONS, EXCEPT PROTECTIVE AND HOUSEHOLD
           433-444   Food Preparation and Service Occupations
           433       Supervisors, food preparation and service occupations 
           434       Bartenders 
           435       Waiters and waitresses 
           436       Cooks 
           437       Not used
           438       Food counter, fountain and related occupations 
           439       Kitchen workers, food preparation 
           440-442   Not used
           443       Waiters'/waitresses' assistants 
           444       Miscellaneous food preparation occupations 
           445-447   Health Service Occupations
           445       Dental assistants 
           446       Health aides, except nursing 
	           447       Nursing aides, orderlies, and attendants 
           448-455   Cleaning and Building Service Occupations, Except
                     Household
           448       Supervisors, cleaning and building service workers 
           449       Maids and housemen 
           450-452   Not used
           453       Janitors and cleaners 
           454       Elevator operators 
           455       Pest control occupations 
           456-469   Personal Service Occupations
           456       Supervisors, personal service occupations 
           457       Barbers 
           458       Hairdressers and cosmetologists 
           459       Attendants, amusement and recreation facilities 
           460       Not used
           461       Guides 
           462       Ushers
           463       Public transportation attendants 
           464       Baggage porters and bellhops 
           465       Welfare service aides 
           466       Family child care providers 
           467       Early childhood teacher's assistants 
           468       Child care workers, n.e.c. 
           469       Personal service occupations, ne.c. 
           470-472   Not used
           473-499   FARMING, FORESTRY, AND FISHING OCCUPATIONS
           473-476   Farm Operators and Managers
           473       Farmers, except horticultural 
           474       Horticultural specialty farmers 
           475       Managers, farms, except horticultural 
           476       Managers, horticultural specialty farmi 
           477-489   Other Agricultural and Related Occupations
           477-484   Farm Occupations, Except Managerial
           477       Supervisors, farm workers 
           478       Not used
           479       Farm workers 
           480-482   Not used
           483       Marine life cultivation workers 
           484       Nursery workers 
           485-489   Related Agricultural Occupations
           485       Supervisors, related agricultural occupations 
           486       Groundskeepers and gardeners, except farm 
           487       Animal caretakers, except farm 
           488       Graders and sorters, agricultural products 
           489       Inspectors, agricultural products 
           490-493   Not used
           494-496   Forestry and Logging Occupations
           494       Supervisors, forestry and logging workers 
           495       Forestry workers, except logging 
           496       Timber cutting and logging occupations 
           497-499   Fishers, Hunters, and Trappers
           497       Captains and other officers, fishing vessels 
           498       Fishers 
           499       Hunters and trappers 
           500-502   Not used
           503-699   PRECISION PRODUCTION, CRAFT, AND REPAIR OCCUPATIONS
           503-552   Mechanics and Repairers
           503       Supervisors, mechanics and repairers 
           504       Not used
           505-549   Mechanics and Repairers, Except Supervisors
           505-517   Vehicle and Mobile Equipment Mechanics and Repairers
           505       Automobile mechanics 
           506       Automobile mechanic apprentices 
           507       Bus, truck, and stationary engine mechanics 
           508       Aircraft engine mechanics 
           509       Small engine repairers 
           510-513   Not used
           514       Automobile body and related repairers 
           515       Aircraft mechanics, except engine 
           516       Heavy equipment mechanics 
           517       Farm equipment mechanics 
           518       Industrial machinery repairers 
           519       Machinery maintenance occupations 
           520-522   Not used
           523-533   Electrical and Electronic Equipment Repairers
           523       Electronic repairers, communications and
                     industrial equipment
           524       Not used
           525       Data processing equipment repairers 
           526       Household appliance and power tool repairers 
           527       Telephone line installers and repairers 
           528       Not used
           529       Telephone installers and repairers 
           530-532   Not used
           533       Miscellaneous electrical and electronic equipment
                     repairers
           534       Heating air conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics 
           535-549   Miscellaneous Mechanics and Repairers
           535       Camera, watch, and musical instrument repairers 
           536       Locksmiths and safe repairers 
           537       Not used
           538       Office machine repairers 
           539       Mechanical controls and valve repairers 
           540-542   Not used
           543       Elevator installers and repairers 
           544       Millwrights 
           545-546   Not used
           547       Specified mechanics and repairers, n.e.c. 
           548       Not used
           549       Not specified mechanics and repairers
           550-552   Not used
           553-599   Construction Trades
           553-558   Supervisors, Construction Occupations
           553       Supervisors, brickmasons, stonemasons, and tile setters 
           554       Supervisors, carpenters and related workers 
           555       Supervisors, electricians and power transmission installers
           556       Supervisors, painters, paperhangers, and plasterers
           557       Supervisors, plumbers, pipefitters, and steamfitters 
           558       Supervisors, construction, n.e.c. 
           559-562   Not used
           563-599   Construction Trades, Except Supervisors
           563       Brickmasons and stonemasons 
           564       Brickmason and stonemason apprentices 
           565       Tile setters, hard and soft 
           566       Carpet installers 
           567       Carpenters 
           568       Not used
           569       Carpenter apprentices 
           570-572   Not used
           573       Drywall installers 
           574       Not used
           575       Electricians 
           576       Electrician apprentices 
           577       Electrical power installers and repairers 
           578       Not used
           579       Painters, construction and maintenance 
           582       Not used
           583       Paperhangers 
           584       Plasterers 
           585       Plumbers, pipefitters, and steamfitters 
           586       Not used
           587       Plumber, pipefitter, and steamfitter apprentices 
           588       Concrete and terrazzo finishers 
           589       Glaziers, 
           590-592   Not used
           593       Insulation workers 
           594       Paving. surfacing, and tamping equipment operators 
           595       Roofers 
           596       Sheetmetal. duct installers 
           597       Structural metal workers
           598       Drillers, earth 
           599       Construction trades, nec. 
           600-612   Not used
           613-617   Extractive Occupations
           613       Supervisors, extractive occupations 
           614       Drillers, oil well 
           615       Explosives workers 
           616       Mining machine operators 
           617       Mining occupations, n.e.c. 
           618-627   Not used
           628-699   Precision Production Occupations
           628       Supervisors, production occupations 
           629-633   Not used
           634-655   Precision Metal Working Occupations
           634       Tool and die makers 
           635       Tool and die maker apprentices 
           636       Precision assemblers, metal 
           637       Machinists 
           638       Not used
           639       Machinist apprentices 
           640-642   Not used
           643       Boilermakers 
           644       Precision grinders, filers, and tool sharpeners 
           645       Patternmakers and model makers, metal 
           646       Lay-outworkers 
           647       Precious stones and metals workers (Jewelers)
           648       Not used
           649       Engravers, metal 
           650-652   Not used
           653       Sheet metal workers 
           654       Sheet metal worker apprentices 
           655       Miscellaneous precision metal workers 
           656-659   Precision Woodworking Occupations
           656       Patternmakers and model makers, wood 
           657       Cabinet makers and bench carpenters 
           658       Furniture and wood finishers 
           659       Miscellaneous precision woodworkers 
           660-665   Not used
           666-674   Precision Textile, Apparel, and Furnishings Machine Workers
           666       Dressmakers 
           667       Tailors 
           668       Upholsterers 
           669       Shoe repairers 
           670-673   Not used
           674       Miscellaneous precision apparel and fabric workers 
           675-684   Precision Workers, Assorted Materials
           675       Hand molders and shapers, except jewelers 
           676       Patternmakers, lay-out workers, and cutters 
           677       Optical goods workers 
           678       Dental laboratory and medical appliance technicians 
           679       Bookbinders 
           680-682   Not used
           683       Electrical and electronic equipment assemblers 
           684       Miscellaneous precision workers, nec. 
           685       Not used
           686-688   Precision Food Production Occupations
           686       Butchers and meat cutters 
           687       Bakers 
           688       Food batchmakers 
           689-693   Precision Inspectors, Testers, and Related Workers
           689       Inspectors, testers, and graders 
           690-692   Not used
           693       Adjusters and calibrators 
           694-699   Plant and System Operators
           694       Water and sewage treatment plant operators 
           695       Power plant operators 
           696       Stationary engineers 
           697-698   Not used
           699       Miscellaneous plant and system operators 
           700-702   Not used
           703-889   OPERATORS, FABRICATORS, AND LABORERS
           703-799   MACHINE OPERATORS, ASSEMBLERS, AND INSPECI'ORS
           703-779   Machine Operators and Tenders, Except Precision
           703-715   Metal Working and Plastic Working Machine Operators
           703       Lathe and turning machine set-up operators 
           704       Lathe and turning machine operators 
           705       Milling and planing machine operators 
           706       Punching and stamping press machine operators 
           707       Rolling machine operators 
           708       Drilling and boring machine operators 
           709       Grinding. abrading, buffing, and polishing
                     machine operators
           710-712   Not used
           713       Forging machine operators 
           714       Numerical control machine operators 
           715       Miscellaneous metal, plastic, stone, and glass
                     working machine operators
           716       Not used
           717       Fabricating machine operators, n.e.c. 
           718       Not used
           719-725   Metal and Plastic Processing Machine Operators
           719       Molding and casting machine operators 
           720-722   Not used
           723       Metal plating machine operators 
           724       Heat treating equipment operators 
           725       Miscellaneous metal and plastic processing
                     machine operators
           726-733   Woodworking Machine Operators
           726       Wood lathe, routing, and planing machine operators 
           727       Sawing machine operators 
           728       Shaping and joining machine operators 
           729       Nailing and tacking machine operators 
           730-732   Not used
           733       Miscellaneous woodworking machine operators 
           734-737   Printing Machine Operators
           734       Printing press operators 
           735       Photoengravers and lithographers 
           736       Typesetters and compositors 
           737       Miscellaneous printing machine operators 
           738-749   Textile, Apparel, and Furnishings Machine Operators
           738       Winding and twisting machine operators 
           739       Knitting looping, taping, and weaving machine operators 
           740-742   Not used
           743       Textile cutting machine operators 
           744       Textile sewing machine operators 
           745       Shoe machine operators 
           746       Not used
           747       Pressing machine operators 
           748       Laundering and dry cleaning machine operators 
           749       Miscellaneous textile machine operators 
           750-752   Not used
           753-779   Machine Operators, Assorted Materials
           753       Cementing and gluing machine operators 
           754       Packaging and filling machine operators 
           755       Extruding and forming machine operators 
           756       Mbdng and blending machine operators 
           757       Separating, filtering, and clarffying machine operators 
           758       Compressing and compacting machine operators 
           759       Painting and paint spraying machine operators 
           760-762   Not used
           763       Roasting and baking machine operators, food 
           764       Washing, cleaning and pickling machine operators 
           765       Folding machine operators 
           766       Furnace, kiln, and oven operators, except food 
           767       Not used
           768       Crushing and grinding machine operators 
           769       Slicing and cutting machine operators 
           770-772   Not used
           773       Motion picture protectionists 
           774       Photographic process machine operators 
           775-776   Not used
           777       Miscelk neous machine operators, n.e.c. 
           778       Not used
           779       Machine operators, not specified
           780-782   Not used
           783-795   Fabricators, Assemblers, and Hand Working Occupations
           783       Welders and cutters 
           784       Solderers and brazers 
           785       Assemblers 
           786       Hand cutting and trimming occupations 
           787       Hand molding, casting, and forming occupations 
           798       Not used
           789       Hand painting, coating, and decorating occupations 
           790-792   Not used
           793       Hand engraving and printing occupations 
           794       Not used
           795       Miscellaneous hand working occupations 
           796-799   Production Inspectors, Testers, Samplers, and Weighers
           796       Production inspectors, checkers, and examiners 
           797       Production testers 
           798       Production samplers and weighers 
           799       Graders and sorters, except agricultural 
           800-802   Not used
           803-859   TRANSPORTATION AND MATERIAL MOVING OCCUPATIONS
           803-814   Motor Vehicle Operators
           803       Supervisors, motor vehicle operators 
           804       Truck drivers 
           805       Not used
           806       Driver-sales workers 
           807       Not used
           808       Bus drivers 
           809       Taxicab drivers and chauffeurs 
           810-812   Not used
           813       Parking lot attendants 
           814       Motor transportation occupations, n.e.c. 
           815       Not used
           823-834   Transportation Occupations, Except Motor Vehicles
           823-826   Rail Transportation Occupations
           823       Railroad conductors and yardmasters 
           824       Locomotive operating occupations 
           825       Railroad brake, signal, and switch operators 
           826       Rail vehicle operators, n.e.c. 
           827       Not used
           828-834   Water Transportation Occupations
           828       Ship captains and mates, except fishing boats 
           829       Sailors and deckhands 
           830-832   Not used
           833       Marine engineers 
           834       Bridge, lock, and lighthouse tenders 
           835-842   Not used
           843-959   Material Moving Equipment Operators
           843       Supervisors, material moving equipment operators 
           844       Operating engineers 
           845       Longshore equipment operators 
           846-847   Not used
           848       Hoist and winch operators 
           849       Crane and tower operators 
           850-852   Not used
           853       Excavating and loading machine operators 
           854       Not used
           855       Grader, dozer, and scraper operators
           856       Industrial truck and tractor equipment operators 
           857-858   Not used
           859       Miscellaneous material moving equipment operators 
           860-863   Not used
           864-889   HANDLERS EQUIPMENT CLEANERS, HELPERS, AND LABORERS
           864       Supervisors, handlers, equipment cleaners, and
                     laborers, n.e.c. 
           865       Helpers, mechanics, and repairers 
           866-868   Helpers, Construction, and Extractive Occupations
           866       Helpers, construction trades 
           867       Helpers, surveyor 
           868       Helpers, extractive occupations 
           869       Construction laborers 
           870-873   Not used
           874       Production helpers 
           875-883   Freight, Stock, and Material Handlers
           875       Garbage collectors 
           876       Stevedores 
           877       Stock handlers and baggers 
           878       Machine feeders and offbearers 
           879-882   Not used
           883       Freight, stock, and material handlers, ne.c. 
           884       Not used
           885       Garage and service station related occupations 
           886       Not used
           887       Vehicle washers and equipment cleaners 
           888       Hand packers and packagers 
           889       Laborers, cocept construction 
           890-902   Not used
           903-905   Armed Forces.

           In the public version of the dataset, these codes have been
           collapsed in the following way: 
           IF (3 <= 3-digit occ. code <=37) THEN occ. code=1;
           ELSE IF (43 <= 3-digit occ. code <=199) THEN occ. code=1;
           ELSE IF (203 <= 3-digit occ. code <=235) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (243 <= 3-digit occ. code <=285) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (303 <= 3-digit occ. code <=389) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (403 <= 3-digit occ. code <=407) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (413 <= 3-digit occ. code <=427) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (433 <= 3-digit occ. code <=469) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (473 <= 3-digit occ. code <=499) THEN occ. code=6;
           ELSE IF (503 <= 3-digit occ. code <=699) THEN occ. code=4;
           ELSE IF (703 <= 3-digit occ. code <=799) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (803 <= 3-digit occ. code <=859) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (863 <= 3-digit occ. code <=889) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (903 <= 3-digit occ. code <=905) THEN occ. code=3;

             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse)


X7402(#1)  What kind of business or industry (do you/does your
X7412(#2)  [spouse/partner]) work in -- that is, what do they make or
           do at the place where (you/he/she) work(s)?

           Code Census 1995 3-digit industry code
           Code      Industry
           000-009   Not used
           010-030   AGRICULTURE
           010       Agricultural production, crops
           011       Agricultural production, livestock
           012       Veterinary services
           013-019   Not used
           020       Landscape and horticultural services
           021-029   Not used
           030       Agricultural services, n.e.c.
           031-032   FORESTRY AND FISIHERIES
           031       Forestry
           032       Fishing, hunting, and trapping
           033-039   Not used
           040-050   MINING
           040       Metal mining
           041       Coal mining
           042       Oil and gas extraction
           043-049   Not used
           050       Nonmetallic mining and quarrying, except fuel
           051-059   Not used
           060       CONSTRUCMON
           061-099   Not used
           100-392   MANUFACTURING
           100-222   NONDURABLE GOODS
           100-122   Food and kindred products
           100       Meat products
           101       Dairy products
           102       Canned, frozen and preserved fruits and vegetables
           103-109   Not used
           110       Grain mill products
           111       Bakery products
           112       Sugar and confectionery products
           113-119   Not used
           120       Beverage industries
           121       Miscellaneous food preparations and kindred products
           122       Not specified food industries
           123-129   Not used
           130       Tobacco manufactures
           131       Not used
           132-150   Textile mill products
           132       Knitting mills
           133-139   Not used
           140       Dyeing and finishing textiles, except wool and knit goods
           141       Carpets and rugs
           142       Yarn, thread, and fabric mills
           143-149   Not used
           150       Miscellaneous textile mill products
           151-152   Apparel and other finished textile products
           151       Apparel and accessories, except knit
           152       Miscellaneous fabricated textile products
           153-159   Not used
           160-162   Paper and allied products
           160       Pulp, paper, and paperboard mills
           161       Miscellaneous paper and pulp products
           162       Paperboard containers and boxes
           163-170   Not used
           171-172   Printing, publishing, and allied industries
           171       Newspaper publishing and printing
           172       Printing, publishing and allied industries,
                     except newspapers
           173-179   Not used
           180-192   Chemicals and allied products
           180       Plastics, synthetics, and resins
           181       Drugs
           182       Soaps and cosmetics
           183-189   Not used
           190       Paints, varnishes, and related products
           191       Agricultural chemicals
           192       Industrial and miscellaneous chemicals
           193-199   Not used
           200-201   Petroleum and coal products
           200       Petroleum refining
           201       Miscellaneous petroleum and coal products
           202-209   Not used
           210-212   Rubber and miscellaneous plastics products
           210       Tires and inner tubes
           211       Other rubber products, and plastics footwear and belting
           212       Miscellaneous plastics products
           213-219   Not used
           220       Leather and leather products
           220       Leather tanning and finishing
           221       Footwear, except rubber and plastic
                     Leather products, except footwear
           223-229   Not used
           230-392   DURABLE GOODS
           230-241   Lumber and wood products, except furniture
           230       Logging(241)
           231       Sawmills,planning mills, and millwork
           232       Wood buildings and mobile homes
           233-240   Not used
           241       Miscellaneous wood products
           242       Furniture and fissures
           243-249   Not used
           250-262   tone, clay, glass, and concrete products
           250       Glass and glass products
           251       Cement, concrete, gypsum, and plaster products
           252       Structural clay products
           253-260   Not used
           261       Pottery and related products
           262       Miscellaneous nonmetallic mineral and stone products
           263-269   Not used
           270-301   Metal industries
           270       Blast furnaces, steelworks, rolling and finishing mills
           271       Iron and steel foundries
           272       Primary aluminum industries
           273-279   Not used
           280       Other primary metal industries
                      3369,339)
           281       Cutlery, handtools, and general hardware
           282       Fabricated structural metal products
           283-289   Not used
           290       Screw machine products
           291       Metal forgings and stamping
           292       Ordnance
           293-299   Not used
           300       Miscellaneous fabricated metal products
           301       Not specified metal industries
           302-309   Not used
           310-332   Machinery and computing equipment
           310       Engines and turbines
           311       Farm machinery and equipment
           312       Construction and material handling machines
           313-319   Not used
           320       Metalworking machinery 
           321       Office and accounting machines
           322       Computers and related equipment
           323-330   Not used
           331       Machinery, except electrical, n.e.c.
           332       Not specified machinery
           333-339   Not used
           340-350   Electrical machinery, equipment, and supplies
           340       Household appliances
           341       Radio, TV, and communication equipment
           342       Electrical machinery, equipment, and supplies, n.e.c.
           343-349   Not used
           350       Not specified electrical machinery, equipment, and supplies
           351-370   Transportation equipment
           351       Motor vehicles and motor vehicle equipment
           352       Aircraft and parts
           353-359   Not used
           360       Ship and boat building and repairing
           361       Railroad locomotives and equipment
           362       Guided missiles, space vehicles, and parts
           363-369   Not used
           370       Cycles and miscellaneous transportation equipment
           371-381   Professional and photographic equipment, and watches
           371       Scientific and controlling instruments
           372       Medical, dental, and optical instruments and supplies
           373-379   Not used
           380       Photographic equipment and supplies
           381       Watches, clocks, and clockwork operated devices
           382-389   Not used
           390       Toys, amusement, and sporting goods
           391       Miscellaneous manufacturing industries
           392       Not specified manufacturing industries
           393-399   Not used
           400-472   TRANSPORTATION, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER PUBLIC UTILITIES
           400-432   TRANSPORTATION
           400       Railroads
           401       Bus service and urban transit
           402       Taxicab service
           403-409   Not used
           410       Trucking service
           411       Warehousing and storage
           412       U.S. Postal Service
           413-419   Not used
           420       Water transportation
           421       Air transportation
           422       Pipe lines, except natural gas
           423-431   Not used
           432       Services incidental to transportation
           433-439   Not used
           440-442   COMMUNICATIONS
           440       Radio and television broadcasting and cable
           441       Telephone communications
           442       Telegraph and miscellaneous communications services
           443-449   Not used
           450-472   UTILITIES AND SANITARY SERVICES
           450       Electric light and power
           451       Gas and steam supply systems
           452       Electric and gas, and other combinations
           453-469   Not used
           470       Water supply and irrigation
           471       Sanitary services
           472       Not specified utilities
           473-499   Not used
           500-571   WHOLESALE TRADE
           500-532   Durable Goods
           500       Motor vehicles and equipment
           501       Furniture and home furnishings
           502       Lumber and construction materials
           503-509   Not used
           510       Professional and commercial equipment and supplies
           511       Metals and minerals, except petroleum
           512       Electrical goods
           513-520   Not used
           521       Hardware, plumbing and heating supplies
           522-529   Not used
           530       Machinery, equipment, and supplies
           531       Scrap and waste materials
           532       Miscellaneous wholesale, durable goods
           533-539   Not used
           540-571   Nondurable Goods
           540       Paper and paper products
           541       Drugs, chemicals and allied products
           542       Apparel, fabrics, and notions
           543-549   Not used
           550       Groceries and related products
           551       Farm-product raw materials
           552       Petroleum products
           553-559   Not used
           560       Alcoholic beverages
           561       Farm supplies
           562       Miscellaneous wholesale, nondurable goods
           563-570   Not used
           571       Not specified wholesale trade
           572-579   Not used
           580-691   RETAIL TRADE
           580       Lumber and building material retailing
           581       Hardware stores
           582       Retail nurseries and garden stores
           583-589   Not used
           590       Mobile home dealers
           591       Department stores
           592       Variety stores
           593-599   Not used
           600       Miscellaneous general merchandise stores
           601       Grocery stores
           602       Dairy products stores
           603-609   Not used
           610       Retail bakeries
           611       Food stores, n.e.c.
           612       Motor vehicle dealers
           613-619   Not used                  
           620       Auto and home supp@y stores
           621       Gasoline service stations
           622       Miscellaneous vehicle dealers
           623       Apparel and accessory stores, except shoe
           624-629   Not used
           630       Shoe stores
           631       Furniture and home furnishings stores
           632       Household appliance stores
           633       Radio ,TV, and computer stores
           634-639   Not used
           640       Music stores
           641       Eating and drinking places
           642       Drug stores
           643-649   Not used
           650       Liquor stores
           651       Sporting goods, bicycles, and hobby stores
           652       Book and stationery stores
           653-659   Not used
           660       Jewelry stores
           661       Gift, novelty, and souvenir shops
           662       Sewing, needlework and piece goods stores
           663       Catalog and mail order houses
           664-669   Not used
           670       Vending machine operators
           671       Direct selling establishments
           672       Fuel dealers
           673-680   Not used
           681       Retail florists
           682       Miscellaneous retail stores
           683-690   Not used
           691       Not specified retail trade
           692-699   Not used
           700-712   FINANCE, INSURANCE, AND REAL ESTATE
           700       Banking
           701       Savings institutions, including credit unions
           702       Credit agencies, n.e.c.
           703-709   Not used
           710       Security, commodity brokerage, and investment companies
           711       Insurance
           712       Real estate, including real estate-insurance offices
           713-720   Not used
           721-760   BUSINESS AND REPAIR SERVICES
           721       Advertising
           722       Services to dwellings and other buildings
           723-730   Not used
           731       Personnel supply services
           732       Computer and data processing services 
           733-739   Not used
           740       Detective and protective services
           741       Business services, n.e.c.
           742       Automotive rental and leasing, without drivers
           743-749   Not used
           750       Automotive parking and carwashes.
           751       Automotive repair and related services
           752       Electrical repair shops
           753-759   Not used
           760       Miscellaneous repair services
           761-791   PERSONAL SERVICES
           761       PRIVATE HOUSEHOLDS
           762-791   PERSONAL SERVICES, EXCEPT PRIVATE HOUSEHOLD
           762       Hotels and motels
           763-769   Not used
           770       Lodging places, except hotels and motels
           771       Laundry, cleaning and garment services
           772       Beauty shops
           773-779   Not used
           780       Barber shops
           781       Funeral service and crematories
           782       Shoe repair shops
           783-789   Not used
           790       Dressmaking shops
           791       Miscellaneous personal services
           792-799   Not used
           800-810   ENTERTAINNIENT AND RECREATION SERVICES
           800       Theaters and motion pictures
           801       Video tape rental
           802       Bowling centers
           803-809   Not used
           810       Miscellaneous entertainment and recreation services
           811       Not used
           812-893   PROFESSIONAL AND RELATED SERVICES
           812-840   MEDICAL SERVICES, EXCEPT HOSPITALS
           812       Offices and clinics of physicians
           813-819   Not used
           820       Offices and clinics of dentists
           821       Offices and clinics of chiropractors
           822       Offices and clinics of optometrists
           823-829   Not used
           830       Offices and clinics of health practitioners, n.e.c.
           831       HOSPITALS
           832       Nursing and personal care facilities
           833-839   Not used
           840       Health services, n.e.c.
           841       OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
           841       Legal services
           842-860   EDUCATIONAL SERVICES
           842       Elementary and secondary schools
           843-849   Not used
           850       Colleges and universities
           851       Vocational schools
           852       Libraries
           853-859   Not used
           860       Educational services, n.e.c.
           861-971   SOCIAL SERVICES
           861       Job training and vocational rehabilitation services
           862       Child day care services
           863       Family child care homes
           864-869   Not used
           970       Residential care facilities, without nursin
           871       Social services, n.e.c.
	   	     
           872-893   OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
           872       Museums, art galleries, and zoos
           873       Labor unions
           874-879   Not used
           880       Religious organizations
           881       Membership organizations, n.e.c.
           882       Engineering, architectural and surveying services
           883-889   Not used
           890       Accounting auditing, and bookkeeping services
           891       Research, development, and testing services
           892       Management and public relations services
           893       Miscellaneous professional and related services
           894-899   Not used
           900-932   PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION
           900       Executive and legislative offices
           901       General government, n.e.c.
           902-909   Not used
           910       Justice, public order, and safety
           911-920   Not used
           921       Public finance, taxation, and monetary policy
           922       Administration of human resources programs
           923-929   Not used
           930       Administration of environmental quality and
                     housing programs
           931       Administration of economic programs
           932       National security and international affairs
           933-939   Not used
           940-960   MILITARY
           940       Army
           941       Air Force
           942       Navy
           943-949   Not used
           950       Marine Corps
           951       Coast Guard
           952       Military, n.f.s.
           953-959   Not used
           960       Military Reserves, n.f.s.
           961-990   Not used
           991       Armed Forces

           In the public version of the dataset, these codes have been
           collapsed in the following way: 
           IF (10 <= 3-digit ind. code <=32) THEN ind. code=1;
           ELSE IF (40 <= 3-digit ind. code <=50) THEN ind. code=2;
           ELSE IF (60 <= 3-digit ind. code <=60) THEN ind. code=2;
           ELSE IF (100 <= 3-digit ind. code <=392) THEN ind. code=3;
           ELSE IF (500 <= 3-digit ind. code <=571) THEN ind. code=4;
           ELSE IF (580 <= 3-digit ind. code <=691) THEN ind. code=4;
           ELSE IF (700 <= 3-digit ind. code <=712) THEN ind. code=5;
           ELSE IF (721 <= 3-digit ind. code <=760) THEN ind. code=5;
           ELSE IF (400 <= 3-digit ind. code <=472) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (761 <= 3-digit ind. code <=791) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (800 <= 3-digit ind. code <=802) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (810 <= 3-digit ind. code <=893) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (900 <= 3-digit ind. code <=960) THEN ind. code=7;

             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse)



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
INFORMATION LINKED FROM 1995 CURRENT POPULATION SURVEY BY OCCUPATION CODE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X8112(#1)  Recode: Average for occupation group of fraction of last 52
X8113(#2)  weeks worked; multipled by 10

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X8114(#1)  Recode: Average for occupation group of hours worked per year
X8115(#2)  in 1995; multiplied by 10

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X8116(#1)  Recode: Fraction of occupation group unemployed in 1995;
X8117(#2)  multiplied by 1000

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X8169(#1)  Recode: Unconditional mean wage for occupation group in 1995
X8170(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


           For each occupation group, regressions were run separately
           for males and females of the log of annualized wages on a
           constant, a spline on age (AGE, MAX(0, AGE-35),
           MAX(0,AGE-55)), a dummy variable for part-time employment
           (1 = working fewer than 20 hours per week), a dummy variable
           for self-employment (1 = self-employed), a dummy for race
           (1 = Hispanic or non-white), and dummy variables for years
           of education (1 = : 12 years of education, some college or
           an Associate's degree, Bachelor's degree, higher degree
           than Bachelor's degree).  If there were too few people in a CPS
           3-digit occupation group, either the SCF case was matched to
           a neighboring occupation group, or the match was made at the
           level of the 2-digit occupation code.  Some of the model
           coefficients may be identically zero where there are too few
           cases in the appropriate cells in the CPS data to identify
           these coefficients; for example, a coefficient for the
           [36,55) element of the age spline may be identically zero
           if there are no CPS cases in that age group for the given
           occupation.

X8105(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Intercept
X8106(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8099(#1)  Recode: For age in [1, 35]: 10000 * Coefficient of AGE
X8100(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8101(#1)  Recode: For age in [36, 55]: 10000 * Coefficient of MAX(0,AGE-35)
X8102(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8103(#1)  Recode: For age in [55, 999]: 10000 * Coefficient of MAX(0,AGE-55)
X8104(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8318(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for part-time employment
X8319(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8320(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for self-emlpoyment
X8321(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8322(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for Hispanic or nonwhite
X8323(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8324(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for 12 years of education
X8325(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8326(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for some college or
X8327(#2)  Associate's degree

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8328(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for Bachelor's degree
X8329(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8330(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for higher degree than
X8331(#2)  Bachelor's degree

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8107(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Standard error log regression
X8108(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8109(#1)  Recode: Annualized level of expected income from regression
X8111(#2)  (corrected for non-zero expectation of error term for level)

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no job: X7401=0/X7411=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4110(#1)  How many hours (do you/does [he/she]) work on
X4710(#2)  (your/her/his) main job in a normal week?

           Code number of hours
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)


X4111(#1)  INTERVIEWER: READ SLOWLY
X4711(#2)  Counting paid vacations as weeks of work, how many weeks
           (do you/does your [spouse/partner]) work on this job in a
           normal year?

           Code number of weeks
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)


X4125(#1)  How (are you/is [he/she]) paid?  (Are you/Is [he/she]) paid
X4725(#2)  a regular salary or wages?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; not self-employed: X4106^=2 or 3/
                 X4706^=2 or 3)

X4112(#1)  About how much (do you/does [he/she]) earn before taxes
X4712(#2)  on (your/her/his) main job? (NOT SELF-EMPLOYED)

           How much in salary or wages (are you/is [he/she]) paid
           before taxes? (SELF-EMPLOYED)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing (includes self-employed and not receiving salary:
                 X4106^=1 and X4125=5/X4706^=1 and X4725=5)
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse)

X4113(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X4713(#2)  And how often (do you/does [he/she]) receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing (includes self-employed and not receiving salary:
                 X4106^=1 and X4125=5/X4706^=1 and X4725=5)
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse)


X4127(#1)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) also receive a portion of the net
X4727(#2)  earnings, or some other kind of income?

           (Do you/Does [he/she]) receive a portion of the net
           earnings, or some other kind of income?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; not self-employed: X4106^=2 or 3/
                 X4706^=2 or 3)


X4131(#1)  In addition to regular salary, how much (do you/does
X4731(#2)  [he/she]) personally receive from the business before taxes?

           How much (do you/does [he/she]) personally receive from the
           business before taxes?  

           (What did (you/he/she) get in 1994?)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; not self-employed: X4106^=2 or 3/
                 X4706^=2 or 3; no net earnings from business:
                 X4127^=1/X4727^=1)

X4132(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X4732(#2)  And how often (do you/does [he/she]) receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; not self-employed: X4106^=2 or 3/
                 X4706^=2 or 3; no net earnings from business:
                 X4127^=1/X4727^=1)


X4114(#1)  About how many employees work for this company or
X4714(#2)  organization, including all locations? (Is it fewer than
           10, 10 to 19, 20 to 99, 100 to 499, or 500 or more?)

            1.  Less than 10
            2.  10 to 19
            3.  20 to 99
            4.  100 to 499
            5.  500 or MORE
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)


           How many years in total (have you/has [he/she]) worked for
           this employer?

X4115(#1)  Code number of years
X4715(#2)  -1.  Less than one year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)
           *******************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 60: AGE AND
              YEAR ALTERED ACCORDINGLY
           *******************************************************

X7199(#1)  Code age
X7266(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)

X7679(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7706(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)


           How many years (do you/does [he/she]) expect to continue
           working for this employer?

X4116(#1)  Code number of years
X4716(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
           -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)

X7680(#1)  Code age
X7707(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                no spouse)

X7200(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7267(#2)  -2.  Never stop


X4117(#1)  (Are you/Is [he/she]) covered on this job by a union or
X4717(#2)  employee-association contract?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse)


X7681(#1)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) have any type of insurance other
X7708(#2)  than Social Security, that would help provide (you/her/him)
           with income in the event that (you/he/she) became disabled?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
PENSION FOR HEAD AND SPOUSE/PARTNER FROM CURRENT MAIN JOB
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to current job pension of head
#2 refers to current job pension of spouse/partner
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1a refers to first current job pension of head
#1b refers to seond current job pension of head
#1c refers to third current job pension of head
#1d refers to all remaining current job pensions of head
#2a refers to first current job pension of spouse/partner
#2b refers to seond current job pension of spouse/partner
#2c refers to third current job pension of spouse/partner
#2d refers to all remaining current job pensions of spouse/partner
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4135(#1)  Aside from IRA or KEOGH plans, (are you/is [he/she])
X4735(#2)  included in any pension plans or tax-deferred savings plans
           through (your/her/his) work/the business? (SELF-EMPLOYED)

           Many employers have pension plans, and some provide
           tax-deferred plans such as thrift, savings, 401Ks, profit
           sharing, or stock ownership plans.  Some plans span
           multiple jobs, for example TIAA-CREF, union plans, etc.
           (Are you/Is [he/she]) included in any pension or retirement
           plans, or in any tax-deferred savings plans connected with
           the job you just told me about?  (DO NOT INCLUDE SOCIAL
           SECURITY.)  INTERVIEWER:  IF R MENTIONS IRA OR KEOGH PLANS,
           MAKE A NOTE AND SAY: "We covered those earlier in the
           interview.  Here, I just want to find out about other plans
           operated through your (spouse's/partner's) employer." (NOT
           SELF-EMPLOYED)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse)


X4136(#1)  Does (your/her/his) employer offer any such plans?
X4736(#2)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; self-employed: X4106=2 or 3/X4706=2 or 3;
                 included in pension plan on main job: X4135=1/X4735=1)


X4137(#1)  (Are you/Is [he/she]) eligible to be included in any of
X4737(#2)  these plans?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; self-employed: X4106=2 or 3/X4706=2 or 3;
                 included in pension plan on main job:
                 X4135=1/X4735=1; no such plans: X4136^=1/X4736^=1)


           What kinds of plans are these?  (CHECK ALL THAT APPLY)

X6708(#1)  Savings/Thrift
X6713(#2)

X6709(#1)  401K/403B
X6714(#2)

X6710(#1)  Profit sharing
X6715(#2)

X6711(#1)  Tax-deferred Annuity
X6716(#2)

X6712(#1)  Other
X6717(#2)
            1.  Checked (only for X6708-X6711/X6713-X6716)
            5.  Not checked
                Responses 7-17 valid only for X6712/X6717
            7.  Stock purchase/ESOP
            9.  IRA-SEP (not to be confused with a regular IRA)
           10.  Defined-contribution plan; TIAA-CREF (Teachers
                Insurance and Annuity Association/College Retirement
                Equity Fund)
           11.  Money purchase plan
           17.  Other type of annuity
           13.  Other salary reduction plan; deferred compensation
           14.  Other state/local government plan
           15.  Other federal government plan
           16.  Other type of account
           17.  Defined benefit plan
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; self-employed: X4106=2 or 3/X4706=2 or 3;
                 included in pension plan on main job:
                 X4135=1/X4735=1; no such plans: X4136^=1/X4736^=1)


X4138(#1)  Will (you/he/she) be eligible if (you/he/she) continue(s)
X4738(#2)           to work for this employer?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
           -7.  DEPENDS
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; self-employed: X4106=2 or 3/X4706=2 or 3;
                 included in pension plan on main job:
                 X4135=1/X4735=1; no such plans: X4136^=1/X4736^=1; 
                 eligible to be included: X4137=1/X4737=1)

X6751(#1)  Code reason DEPENDS
X6761(#2)
           10.  If change to full-time; change employment status/hour/grade
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; self-employed: X4106=2 or 3/X4706=2 or 3;
                 included in pension plan on main job:
                 X4135=1/X4735=1; no such plans: X4136^=1/X4736^=1;
                 eligible to be included: X4137=1/X4737=1; answer to future
                 eligibility question not DEPENDS: X4138^=-7/X4738^=-7)


X4139(#1)  In how many different plans of this sort (are you/is
X4739(#2)  [he/she]) included on this job?

            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; self-employed: X4106=2 or 3/X4706=2 or 3;
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           *********************************************


X4140(#1)  (Are you/Is [he/she]) currently receiving retirement
X4740(#2)  payments from any pension plans from this job?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1)


X4141(#1)  I'll ask you about the payments later.  Are there any
X4741(#2)  retirement or savings plans from this job where (you
           are/[he/she] is) not yet drawing benefit payments?
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1)


X6698(#1)  Originally reported value of X4201 (see introduction)
X6699(#2)  Originally reported value of X4801 (see introduction)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           *********************************************

X4201(#1)  How many such plans (do you/does your [spouse/partner]) have?
X4801(#2)
           Code number of plans
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans
                 where not currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           *********************************************


X4202(#1a)  Is this a pension or retirement plan, or a tax-deferred
X4302(#1b)  saving plan of some sort?
X4402(#1c)
X4802(#2a)  About the most important of these plans, is it a pension or
X4902(#2b)  tax-deferred saving plan of some sort?
X5002(#2c)
            About the next most important of these plans, is it a pension or 
            retirement plan, or a tax-deferred savings plan of some sort?

             1.  Pension or retirement
             2.  Tax-deferred savings
            15.  Other federal government plan
            17.  Other type of annuity/defined benefit plan
            19.  Other state/local government plan
            35.  Combination plan
            -7.  OTHER
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans
                 where not currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3)


X4203(#1a)  (SHOW CARD 15)
X4303(#1b)  I would like to know what general type of plan this is.
X4403(#1c)  In the most common pension or retirement plan, the monthly
X4803(#2a)  retirement benefit paid is based on a formula usually
X4903(#2b)  involving age, years of service, and salary.  In other
X5003(#2c)  plans, money is accumulated in an account for
            (you/her/him) until (your/her/his) retirement.  Is this
            plan like the formula plan or account plan?

             1.  Formula
             2.  Account
             3.  Both
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans
                 where not currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3)

            NOTE: CARD 15 contained the three large blocks of text
            centered in a vertical column: Under the heading "FORMULA
            PLAN" is printed "The monthly retirement benefit is usally
            based on a formula involving age, years of work and final
            salary.  Sometimes called a 'defined-benefit' plan".
            Under the heading "ACCOUNT PLAN" is printed "Money is
            accumulated in an account for you until retirement.  For
            example: TIAA/CREF. 401(k) and 403(b) plans, thrift plans
            or ESOPs, defined contribution plans, salary-reduction
            plans, etc."  Under the heading "COMBINATION OF BOTH
            TYPES" is printed "Some combination plans allow employees
            to take a lump sum settlement instead od regular
            retirement benefits if they leave the employer before
            retirement age.  The most common such plan is the
            pre-1984 Federal pension plan or CSRS."  Printed below
            these items is "If you have both a formula and an account
            plan, please report them separately."


X4204(#1a)  For that part of your (spouse's/partner's) plan where
X4304(#1b)  money is accumulated in an account, how much is in the
X4404(#1c)  account?
X4804(#2a)
X4904(#2b)  Code amount
X5004(#2c)  -1.  Nothing
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans
                 where not currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 type of plan is not "both": X4203^=3/X4303^=3/X4404^=3/
                 X4803^=3/X4903^=3/X5003^=3)


X7205(#1a)  Can (you/he/she) borrow against that account?
X7214(#1b)
X7223(#1c)   1.  YES
X7272(#2a)   5.  NO
X7281(#2b)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X7290(#2c)       no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans
                 where not currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 type of plan is not "both": X4203^=3/X4303^=3/X4404^=3/
                 X4803^=3/X4903^=3/X5003^=3)


            How long (have you/has [he/she]) been in the plan?

X7685(#1a)  Code number of years
X7687(#1b)  -1.  Less than a year
X7689(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X7712(#2a)       no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where
X7714(#2b)       not currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
X7716(#2c)       no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2)


X7206(#1a)  Code age
X7215(#1b)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X7224(#1c)       no spouse; 
X7273(#2a)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not
X7282(#2b)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
X7291(#2c)       no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2)

X7207(#1a)  Code year (4 digits)
X7216(#1b)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X7225(#1c)       no spouse; 
X7274(#2a)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not
X7283(#2b)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
X7292(#2c)       no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2)


X4205(#1a)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) currently make contributions to
X4305(#1b)  this plan?  IF R ASKS, INCLUDE CONTRIBUTIONS THROUGH
X4405(#1c)  SALARY DEDUCTIONS, UNION DUES OR OTHER SOURCES
X4805(#2a)   1.  YES
X4905(#2b)   5.  NO
X5005(#2c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2)


            What percent of (your/her/his) pay or amount of money per
            month or year (do you/does [he/she]) currently contribute?

X4206(#1a)  Code percent * 100
X4306(#1b)  -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
X4406(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4806(#2a)       no spouse; 
X4906(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X5006(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not make personal
                 contributions: X4205^=1/X4305^=1/X4405^=1/X4805^=1/
                 X4905^=1/X5005^=1)

X4207(#1a)  Code amount
X4307(#1b)  -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
X4407(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4807(#2a)       no spouse; 
X4907(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X5007(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not make personal
                 contributions: X4205^=1/X4305^=1/X4405^=1/X4805^=1/
                 X4905^=1/X5005^=1)

X4208(#1a)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X4308(#1b)  And how often did (you/he/she) contribute that amount?
X4408(#1c)
X4808(#2a)  Code frequency
X4908(#2b)   1.  Day
X5008(#2c)   2.  Week
             3.  Biweekly
             4.  Month
             5.  Quarter
             6.  Year
             8.  Lump sum/one payment only
            11.  Twice per year; every six months
            12.  Bimonthly
            14.  By the job/piece
            18.  Hour
            22.  Varies
            -1.  Nothing
            -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
            -7.  Other number or interval
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not make personal
                 contributions: X4205^=1/X4305^=1/X4405^=1/X4805^=1/
                 X4905^=1/X5005^=1)

            Where possible, X4112/X4712 was used to compute the
            percent when the amount was given (and vice versa).  Where
            X4112/X4712 was negative or zero, and X4112+X4131/X4712+X4731
            was positive, the latter figure was used to make the conversion.


            At what age (do you/does your [spouse/partner]) expect to
            start receiving benefits from this plan?

X4209(#1a)  Code age
X4309(#1b)  -2.  Do not expect benefits
X4409(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4809(#2a)       no spouse; 
X4909(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X5009(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2)

X7686(#1a)  Code number of years
X7688(#1b)  -2.  Do not expect benefits
X7690(#1c)  -1.  Less than a year
X7713(#2a)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X7715(#2b)       no spouse; 
X7717(#2c)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2)

X7208(#1a)  Code year (4 digits)
X7217(#1b)  -2.  Do not expect benefits
X7226(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X7275(#2a)       no spouse; 
X7284(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X7293(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2)


            About how much (do you/does [he/she]) expect
            (your/her/his) benefits to be?  (As a proportion of
            (your/her/his) pay at retirement, or as an amount per
            month or year when (you/he/she) start(s) receiving them?)

X4210(#1a)  Code amount
X4310(#1b)  0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4410(#1c)       no spouse; 
X4810(#2a)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X4910(#2b)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
X5010(#2c)       no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not expect benefits:
                 X4209=-1/X4309=-1/X4409-01/X4809=-1/X4909=-1/X5009=-1;
                 percent benefit figure given: X4212^=0/X4312^=0/
                 X4412^=0/X4812^=0/X4912^=0/X5012^=0)

X4211(#1a)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X4311(#1b)  and how often would (you/he/she) receive that amount?
X4411(#1c)
X4811(#2a)  Code frequency
X4911(#2b)   1.  Day
X5011(#2c)   2.  Week
             3.  Biweekly
             4.  Month
             5.  Quarter
             6.  Year
             8.  Lump sum/one payment only
            11.  Twice per year; every six months
            12.  Bimonthly
            14.  By the job/piece
            18.  Hour
            22.  Varies
            -7.  Other number or interval
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not expect benefits:
                 X4209=-1/X4309=-1/X4409-01/X4809=-1/X4909=-1/X5009=-1;
                 percent benefit figure given: X4212^=0/X4312^=0/
                 X4412^=0/X4812^=0/X4912^=0/X5012^=0)

X4212(#1a)   Code percent
X4312(#1b)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4412(#1c)       no spouse; 
X4812(#2a)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X4912(#2b)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
X5012(#2c)       no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not expect benefits:
                 X4209=-1/X4309=-1/X4409-01/X4809=-1/X4909=-1/X5009=-1;
                 dollar benefit figure given: X4210^=0/X4310^=0/
                 X4410^=0/X4810^=0/X4910^=0/X5010^=0)


X4213(#1a)  If (you/your spouse/partner) were to leave this job now,
X4313(#1b)  would (you/he/she) start receiving a monthly or annual
X4413(#1c)  pension benefit now, would (you/he/she) receive one later,
X4813(#2a)  would (you/he/she) get a cash settlement now, would
X4913(#2b)  (you/he/she) get nothing, or what?
X5013(#2c)
            If (you/your spouse/partner) were to sell this business
            now, would (you/he/she) start receiving a monthly or
            annual pension benefit now, would (you/he/she) receive one
            later, would (you/he/she) get a cash settlement now, would
            (you/he/she) get nothing, or what?

            If (you/your spouse/partner) were to (leave this job/sell
            this business) now, would (you/he/she) start receiving a
            monthly or annual pension benefit now, would (you/he/she)
            receive one later, would (you/he/she) get a cash settlement now, 
            would (you/he/she) get nothing, or what?

             1.  Benefit now
             2.  Benefit later
             3.  Cash settlement/lump sum
             4.  Nothing 
             6.  ROLLOVER
             7.  Cash settlement and monthly pension
             8.  Choice of Payment Method
            -7.  Other
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not expect benefits:
                 X4209=-1/X4309=-1/X4409-01/X4809=-1/X4909=-1/X5009=-1)


X4214(#1a)  About how much would (you/he/she) receive?
X4314(#1b)
X4414(#1c)  Code amount
X4814(#2a)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4914(#2b)       no spouse; 
X5014(#2c)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not expect benefits:
                 X4209=-1/X4309=-1/X4409-01/X4809=-1/X4909=-1/X5009=-1)

X7691(#1a)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X7692(#1b)  And how often would (you/he/she) receive that amount?
X7693(#1c)
X7718(#2a)  Code frequency
X7719(#2b)   1.  Day
X7720(#2c)   2.  Week
             3.  Biweekly
             4.  Month
             5.  Quarter
             6.  Year
             8.  Lump sum/one payment only
            11.  Twice per year; every six months
            12.  Bimonthly
            14.  By the job/piece
            18.  Hour
            22.  Varies
            -7.  Other number or interval

             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is account type: X4203=2/X4303=2/X4404=2/
                 X4803=2/X4903=2/X5003=2; does not expect benefits:
                 X4209=-1/X4309=-1/X4409-01/X4809=-1/X4909=-1/X5009=-1)


X4216(#1a)  Can you tell me a little more about this plan?
X4316(#1b)  Is it a thrift or savings plan, a 401K, Supplemental
X4416(#1c)  Retirement Annuity (SRA), a profit-sharing plan, or what?
X4816(#2a)
X4916(#2b)   1.  Thrift or Savings
X5016(#2c)   2.  401K/403B/SRA
             3.  Profit Sharing
             4.  Stock purchase/ESOP
             7.  Deferred compensation
            11.  IRA-SEP (not to be confused with a regular IRA)
            12.  Defined-contribution plan; TIAA-CREF (Teachers
                 Insurance and Annuity Association/College Retirement
                 Equity Fund)
            13.  Money purchase plan
            14.  Tax-deferred annuity (TDA); tax-sheltered annuity (TSA)
            17.  Other type of annuity
            18.  Other salary reduction plan
            24.  Other state/local government plan
            25.  Other federal government plan
            26.  Other type of account
            -7.  Other; combination
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


            For how many years altogether (have you/has [he/she]) been
            included in this plan?  (INCLUDE YEARS WITH OTHER
            EMPLOYERS, IF SAME PLAN.)

X4217(#1a)  Code number of years
X4317(#1b)  -1.  Less than a year
X4417(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4817(#2a)       no spouse; 
X4917(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X5017(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)

X7209(#1a)  Code age
X7218(#1b)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X7227(#1c)       no spouse; 
X7276(#2a)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X7285(#2b)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
X7294(#2c)       no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)

X7210(#1a)  Code year (4 digits)
X7219(#1b)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X7228(#1c)       no spouse; 
X7277(#2a)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
X7286(#2b)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
X7295(#2c)       no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


X4218(#1a)  Does your (spouse's/partner's) employer make contributions
X4318(#1b)  to this plan?
X4418(#1c)
X4818(#2a)  Does the business make contributions to this plan?
X4918(#2b)
X5018(#2c)  [Does your (spouse's/partner's) employer/Does the business]
            make contributions to this plan?

             1.  YES
             5.  NO
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


            What percent of (your/her/his) pay or amount of money per
            month or year does (your/her/his) employer currently contribute?

            IF R RESPONDS "VARIES," THEN ASK: About how much did
            (your/his/her) employer contribute over the past year?

X4219(#1a)  Code percent * 100
X4319(#1b)  -1.  Nothing
X4419(#1c)  -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
X4819(#2a)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4919(#2b)       no spouse; 
X5019(#2c)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; employer not contributing:
                 X4218^=1/X4318^=1/X4418^=1/X4818^=1/X4918^=1/X5018^=1)

            Where possible, X4112/X4712 was used to compute the
            percent when the amount was given (and vice versa).  Where
            X4112/X4712 was negative or zero, and X4112+X4131/X4712+X4731
            was positive, the latter figure was used to make the conversion.

X4220(#1a)  Code amount
X4320(#1b)  -1.  Nothing
X4420(#1c)  -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
X4820(#2a)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
X4920(#2b)       no spouse; 
X5020(#2c)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not 
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; employer not contributing:
                 X4218^=1/X4318^=1/X4418^=1/X4818^=1/X4918^=1/X5018^=1)

X4221(#1a)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X4321(#1b)  And how often did (you/he/she) contribute that amount?
X4421(#1c)
X4821(#2a)  Code frequency
X4921(#2b)   1.  Day
X5021(#2c)   2.  Week
             3.  Biweekly
             4.  Month
             5.  Quarter
             6.  Year
             8.  Lump sum/one payment only
            11.  Twice per year; every six months
            12.  Bimonthly
            14.  By the job/piece
            18.  Hour
            22.  Varies
            -1.  Nothing
            -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
            -7.  Other number or interval
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/       
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not         
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;             
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:        
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;   
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/      
	         X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; employer not contributing:     
                 X4218^=1/X4318^=1/X4418^=1/X4818^=1/X4918^=1/X5018^=1)     


X4231(#1a)  If (you/your spouse/partner) needed money in an emergency,
X4331(#1b)  could (you/he/she) withdraw some of the funds in the account? 
X4431(#1c)  (CODE "YES" EVEN IF WITHDRAWAL INVOLVES PENALTY.)
X4831(#2a)
X4931(#2b)   1.  YES
X5031(#2c)   5.  NO
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


X4227(#1a)  Can (you/he/she) borrow against the account?
X4327(#1b)
X4427(#1c)   1.  YES
X4827(#2a)   5.  NO
X4927(#2b)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
X5027(#2c)       no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)
          

X4228(#1a)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) currently have a loan against the
X4328(#1b)  account?
X4428(#1c)
X4828(#1a)   1.  YES
X4928(#2b)   5.  NO
X5028(#2c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; borrowing not allowed:
                 X4227^=1/X4327^=1/X4427^=1/X4827^=1/X4927^=1/X5027^=1)


X4229(#1a)  What is the amount of the loan balance?
X4329(#1b)
X4429(#1c)  Code amount
X4829(#2a)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
X4929(#2b)       no spouse; 
X5029(#2c)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; borrowing not allowed:
                 X4227^=1/X4327^=1/X4427^=1/X4827^=1/X4927^=1/X5027^=1;
                 no loan on account: X4228^=1/X4328^=1/X4428^=1/X4828^=1/
                 X4928^=1/X5028^=1)


X4230(#1a)  Did you tell me about this loan earlier?
X4330(#1b)
X4430(#1c)   1.  YES
X4830(#2a)   4.  R reported YES, but no apparent match in data
X4930(#2b)   5.  NO
X5030(#2c)   6.  R reported YES, partially recorded earlier
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; borrowing not allowed:
                 X4227^=1/X4327^=1/X4427^=1/X4827^=1/X4927^=1/X5027^=1;
                 no loan on account: X4228^=1/X4328^=1/X4428^=1/X4828^=1/
                 X4928^=1/X5028^=1)
            NOTE: where (X4230 X4330 X4430 X4830 X4930 X5030)=1,
            the amount of the loan is not edited out of the
            earlier location.  


X7694(#1a)  Where did you tell me about this loan?
X7695(#1b)
X7696(#1c)   1.  Credit card
X7721(#2a)   2.  1st Mortgage
X7722(#2b)   3.  2nd Mortgage
X7723(#2c)   4.  Home Equity Loan
             5.  Line of Credit
             6.  Other Real Estate Loan
             8.  vehicle loan
             9.  education loan
            10.  Other consumer loans (X2710 etc.)
            11.  "Other loans" (X4032)
            12.  Remodeling loan
            13.  More than one mortgage on principal residence
            14.  Combination of line of credit and other real estate loan
            -7.  Other
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; borrowing not allowed:
                 X4227^=1/X4327^=1/X4427^=1/X4827^=1/X4927^=1/X5027^=1;
                 no loan on account: X4228^=1/X4328^=1/X4428^=1/X4828^=1/
                 X4928^=1/X5028^=1; did not report loan earlier:
                 X4230^=1/X4330^=1/X4430^=1/X4830^=1/X4930^=1/X5030^=1)


X7211(#1a)  How much are the payments?
X7220(#1b)
X7229(#1c)  Code amount
X7278(#2a)  -1.  Nothing
X7287(#2b)  -2.  No typical payments
X7296(#2c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; borrowing not allowed:
                 X4227^=1/X4327^=1/X4427^=1/X4827^=1/X4927^=1/X5027^=1;
                 no loan on account: X4228^=1/X4328^=1/X4428^=1/X4828^=1/
                 X4928^=1/X5028^=1)

X7212(#1a)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X7221(#1b)  And how often are the payments made?
X7230(#1c)
X7279(#2a)  Code frequency
X7288(#2b)   2.  Week
X7297(#2c)   3.  Biweekly
             4.  Month
             5.  Quarter
             6.  Year
             8.  Lump sum/one payment only
            11.  Twice per year
            12.  Bimonthly
            14.  By the job/piece
            18.  Hour
            22.  Varies
            -1.  Nothing
            -2.  No regular payment
            -7.  Other
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; borrowing not allowed:
                 X4227^=1/X4327^=1/X4427^=1/X4827^=1/X4927^=1/X5027^=1;
                 no loan on account: X4228^=1/X4328^=1/X4428^=1/X4828^=1/
                 X4928^=1/X5028^=1)


X4222(#1a)  Not including repayment of the loan,
X4322(#1b)
X4422(#1c)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) currently make contributions to
X4822(#2a)  this plan?
X4922(#2b)  INTERVIEWER:    IF R ASKS, INCLUDE CONTRIBUTIONS THROUGH
X5022(#2c)  SALARY DEDUCTIONS, UNION DUES OR OTHER SOURCES

             1.  YES
             5.  NO
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


            Not including repayment of the loan,

            What percent of your (spouse's/partner's) pay or amount of
            money per month or year (do you/does your
            [spouse/partner]) currently contribute?

            IF R RESPONDS "VARIES," THEN ASK: About how much did
            (you/he/she) contribute over the past year?

X4223(#1a)  Code percent * 100
X4323(#1b)  -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
X4423(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
X4823(#2a)       no spouse; 
X4923(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
X5023(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; does not contribute to pension:
                 X2822^=1/X4322^=1/X4422^=1/X4822^=1/X4922^=1/X5022^=1)

X4224(#1a)  Code amount
X4324(#1b)  -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
X4424(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
X4824(#2a)       no spouse; 
X4924(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
X5024(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; does not contribute to pension:
                 X2822^=1/X4322^=1/X4422^=1/X4822^=1/X4922^=1/X5022^=1)

X4225(#1a)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X4325(#1b)  And how often did (you/he/she) contribute that amount?
X4425(#1c)
X4825(#2a)  Code frequency
X4925(#2b)   1.  Day
X5025(#2c)   2.  Week
             3.  Biweekly
             4.  Month
             5.  Quarter
             6.  Year
             8.  Lump sum/one payment only
            11.  Twice per year; every six months
            12.  Bimonthly
            14.  By the job/piece
            18.  Hour
            22.  Varies
            -1.  Nothing
            -2.  Cannot convert amount to percent (negative or zero income)
            -7.  Other number or interval
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; does not contribute to pension:
                 X2822^=1/X4322^=1/X4422^=1/X4822^=1/X4922^=1/X5022^=1)

            Where possible, X4112/X4712 was used to compute the
            percent when the amount was given (and vice versa).  Where
            X4112/X4712 was negative or zero, and X4112+X4131/X4712+X4731
            was positive, the latter figure was used to make the conversion.

X4226(#1a)  How much money is in your (spouse's/partner's) account at
X4326(#1b)  present?
X4426(#1c)
X4826(#2a)  Code amount
X4926(#2b)  -1.  Nothing
X5026(#2c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


X4232(#1a)  If (you/your spouse/partner) were to leave this job now,
X4332(#1b)  would (you/he/she) lose all, some, or none of the money in
X4432(#1c)  this account?
X4832(#2a)
X4932(#2b)  If (you/your spouse/partner) were to sell the business
X5032(#2c)  now, would (you/he/she) lose all, some, or none of the
            money in this account?

            If (you/your spouse/partner) were to (leave this job/sell
            the business) now, would (you/he/she) lose all, some, or
            none of the money in this account?

             1.  LOSE ALL
             3.  LOSE SOME
             5.  LOSE NONE
            -7.  OTHER
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


            What proportion would (you/he/she) lose?

X4233(#1a)  Code percent * 100
X4333(#1b) -1.  Nothing
X4433(#1c)  0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
X4833(#2a)       no spouse; 
X4933(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
X5033(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; would lose none: X4232=5/
                 X4332=5/X4432=5/X4832=5/X4932=5/X5032=5)

X7697(#1a)  Code amount
X7698(#1b)  -1.  Nothing
X7699(#1c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
X7724(#2a)       no spouse; 
X7725(#2b)       no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
X7726(#2c)       currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2; would lose none: X4232=5/
                 X4332=5/X4432=5/X4832=5/X4932=5/X5032=5)


X4234(#1a)  How is the money in this account invested?  Is it mostly
X4334(#1b)  in stocks, mostly in interest earning assets, is it split
X4434(#1c)  between these, or what?
X4834(#2a)
X4934(#2b)   1.  Mostly or all stock; stock in company
X5034(#2c)   2.  Mostly or all interest earning; guaranteed; cash;
                 bank account
             3.  Split between stock and interest earning assets
             4.  Real estate
             5.  Insurance / Retirement Plan
            -7.  Other
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


X7213(#1a)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) have any choices about how the
X7222(#1b)  money is invested?
X7231(#1c)
X7280(#2a)   1.  YES
X7289(#2b)   5.  NO
X7298(#2c)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 no pensions: X4201<1/X4801<1/fewer than 2 pensions:     
                 X4201<2/X4801<2/fewer than 3 pensions: X4201<3/X4801<3;
                 plan is not account type: X4203^=2/X4303^=2/X4404^=2/
                 X4803^=2/X4903^=2/X5003^=2)


X4436(#1d)  Altogether, how much (do you/does your [spouse/partner])
X5036(#2d)  have in (your/her/his) account

            balance for any other pension plan or savings plan from this job?

            balances for any other pension plans or savings plans from
            this job?

            Code amount
            -1.  Nothing
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; 
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 fewer than 4 pensions: X4201<4/X4801<4)

X8449(#1d)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
X8450(#2d)  provide complete information within the grid structure (see
            introduction)

            Code amount
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans
                 where not currently drawing benefits:
                 X4141=5/X4741=5; did not break off early in grid)


X4437(#1d)  Altogether, what other retirement payments (do you/does
X5037(#2d)  [he/she])

            expect to receive from this other pension plan from this job?

            expect to receive from these other pension plans from this job?

             1.  Thrift or Savings
             2.  401K/403B/SRA
             3.  Profit sharing
             4.  Stock purchase/ESOP
             7.  Deferred compensation
            11.  IRA-SEP (not to be confused with a regular IRA)
            12.  Defined-contribution plan; TIAA-CREF (Teachers
                 Insurance and Annuity Association/College Retirement
                 Equity Fund)
            13.  Money purchase plan
            14.  Tax-deferred savings/annuity (TDA); tax-sheltered
                 annuity (TSA) 
            17.  Other type of annuity
            18.  Other salary reduction plan
            24.  Other state/local government plan
            25.  Other federal government plan
            26.  Other type of account
            27   Combination                                              
            -7.  Other type of annuity/defined benefit plan
             0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                 no spouse; self-employed: X4106=2 or 3/X4706=2 or 3;    
                 no pensions: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; no plans where not      
                 currently drawing benefits: X4141=5/X4741=5;          
                 fewer than 4 pensions: X4201<4/X4801<4)


X7232(#1)  Does (your/her/his) employer offer any kind of tax-deferred
X7299(#2)  savings, 401K, or other such account plans for which (you
           are/[he/she] is) eligible but choose not to participate in?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; no pension: X4135^=1/X4735^=1; at least one 
                account-type plan: X4203=2 or X4303=2 or
                X4403=2/X4803=2 or X4903=2 or X5003=2)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECOND JOB OF HEAD AND SPOUSE/PARTNER
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to second job of head
#2 refers to second job of spouse/partner
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4501(#1)  (Are you/Is [he/she]) doing any work for pay now, other
X5101(#2)  than (your/her/his) main job, such as a second job, the
           military services, or (another) business of (your/her/his) own?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse)


           Is this a second job, the military services, your
           (spouse's/partner's) own business, or what?  (CODE ALL THAT
           APPLY)

X4502(#1)  Second job
X5102(#2)

X4503(#1)  Military
X5103(#2)

X4504(#1)  Business
X5104(#2)

X4505(#1)  Other
X5105(#2)

            1.  Checked (only for X4502-X4504/X5102-X5104)
            5.  Not checked
            Other non-inap responses for X4505/X5105 only
            6.  Consultant
            7.  Director; board member
            8.  Hobby
            9.  Manage investments/real estate
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; no second job: X4501^=1/X5101^=1)


X4507(#1)  How many hours (do you/does [he/she]) work on these jobs
X5107(#2)
           How many hours (do you/does [he/she]) work on this job
           in a normal week?

           Code number
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; no second job: X4501^=1/X5101^=1)


X4508(#1)  Counting paid vacations as weeks of work, how many weeks
X5108(#2)  (do you/does [he/she]) work on these jobs in a normal year?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; no second job: X4501^=1/X5101^=1)


X4509(#1)  About how much (do you/does [he/she]) earn before taxes
X5109(#2)  from these other jobs?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; no second job: X4501^=1/X5101^=1)

X4510(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5110(#2)  And how often (do you/does [he/she]) receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; no second job: X4501^=1/X5101^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY OF HEAD AND SPOUSE/PARTNER
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to head
#2 refers to spouse/partner
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4511(#1)  Thinking about all your (spouse's/partner's) current work
X5111(#2)  for pay, (do you/does [he/she]) consider
           (yourself/herself/himself) to be working full-time or
           part-time?
           INTERVIEWER: IF R IS LAID OFF OR A SEASONAL WORKER, ASK
           ABOUT "JOBS WHEN R IS WORKING".

            1.  Full-time
            2.  Part-time
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CURRENTLY WORKING FULL-TIME
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4512(#1)  (READ SLOWLY)  Now I have a few questions about your
X5112(#2)  (spouse's/partner's) past jobs.  Including any periods of
           self-employment, the military, and (your/her/his) current
           job, since (you were/[he/she] was) 18, how many years (have
           you/has [he/she]) worked full-time?  (Roughly how many years?)

           Code number of years
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1)
           **********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 60
           **********************************************


X4513(#1)  Including any self-employment and your (spouse's/partner's)
X5113(#2)  current job, for how many different employers (have you/has
           [he/she]) worked in full-time jobs lasting one year or more?

           Code number of employers
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1)


X4514(#1)  Now, not counting (your/her/his) current job, (have you/has
X5114(#2)  [he/she]) ever had a full-time job that lasted three years
           or more?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1)


X4515(#1)  I want to know about the longest such job (you/he/she) had.
X5115(#2)  Did (you/he/she) work for someone else, (were you/was
           [he/she]) self-employed, or what?

            1.  Someone else
            2.  Self-employed; other non-corporate business owned by PEU
            3.  Partnership; law firm; medical/dental partnership
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)


X7405(#1)  What sort of work (were you/was [he/she]) doing when
X7415(#2)  (you/he/she) left that job?  
           (Tell me a little more about what (you/he/she) did.)

           Code Census 1995 3-digit occupation codes
           See X7401/X7411 for definitions

           In the public version of the dataset, these codes have been
           collapsed in the following way: 
           IF (3 <= 3-digit occ. code <=37) THEN occ. code=1;
           ELSE IF (43 <= 3-digit occ. code <=199) THEN occ. code=1;
           ELSE IF (203 <= 3-digit occ. code <=235) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (243 <= 3-digit occ. code <=285) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (303 <= 3-digit occ. code <=389) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (403 <= 3-digit occ. code <=407) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (413 <= 3-digit occ. code <=427) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (433 <= 3-digit occ. code <=469) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (473 <= 3-digit occ. code <=499) THEN occ. code=6;
           ELSE IF (503 <= 3-digit occ. code <=699) THEN occ. code=4;
           ELSE IF (703 <= 3-digit occ. code <=799) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (803 <= 3-digit occ. code <=859) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (863 <= 3-digit occ. code <=889) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (903 <= 3-digit occ. code <=905) THEN occ. code=3;

            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)


X7406(#1)  What kind of business or industry did (you/he/she) work
X7416(#2)  in -- that is, what did they make or do at the place where
           (you/he/she) worked?

           Code Census 1995 3-digit industry code
           See X7402/X7412 for definitions

           In the public version of the dataset, these codes have been
           collapsed in the following way: 
           IF (10 <= 3-digit ind. code <=32) THEN ind. code=1;
           ELSE IF (40 <= 3-digit ind. code <=50) THEN ind. code=2;
           ELSE IF (60 <= 3-digit ind. code <=60) THEN ind. code=2;
           ELSE IF (100 <= 3-digit ind. code <=392) THEN ind. code=3;
           ELSE IF (500 <= 3-digit ind. code <=571) THEN ind. code=4;
           ELSE IF (580 <= 3-digit ind. code <=691) THEN ind. code=4;
           ELSE IF (700 <= 3-digit ind. code <=712) THEN ind. code=5;
           ELSE IF (721 <= 3-digit ind. code <=760) THEN ind. code=5;
           ELSE IF (400 <= 3-digit ind. code <=472) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (761 <= 3-digit ind. code <=791) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (800 <= 3-digit ind. code <=802) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (810 <= 3-digit ind. code <=893) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (900 <= 3-digit ind. code <=960) THEN ind. code=7;

            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)


           In what year did (you/he/she) start working at that job?

X4518(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X5118(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)

X7233(#1)  Code age
X7300(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)

X7234(#1)  Code number of years
X7301(#2)  -1.  None 
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)

         
           In what year did (you/he/she) stop working at that job?

X4519(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X5119(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)

X7235(#1)  Code age
X7302(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)

X7236(#1)  Code number of years
X7303(#2)  -1.  None            
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)


X4520(#1)  About how much (were you/was [he/she]) earning before taxes
X5120(#2)  when (you/he/she) stopped?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)

X4521(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5121(#2)  And how often did (you/he/she) receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; less than one year of full-time employment:
                X4512<1/X5112<1; no jobs longer than a year:
                X4513<1/X5113<1; no job longer than 3 years:
                X4514^=1/X5114^=1)


X4522(#1)  Since (you were/[he/she] was) 18, have there been years
X5122(#2)  when (you/your spouse/partner) only worked part-time?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1)


X4523(#1)  About how many years in total did (you/he/she) work
X5123(#2)  part-time?

           Code number of years
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; no part-time work: X4522^=1/X5122^=1)


           Thinking now of the future, in what year or at what age
           (do you/does your [spouse/partner]) expect to stop working
           full-time?

X7237(#1)  Code year (4-digits_
X7304(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1)

X7728(#1)  Code age
X7727(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1)

X4524(#1)  Code number of years
X5124(#2)  -2.  Never stop
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6731/X6741 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6731(#1)  Code reason depends
X6741(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; original answer not DEPENDS)


X4525(#1)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) expect to work part-time after that?
X5125(#2)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; answer to future full-time work NEVER
                STOP: X4524=-2/X5124=-2)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6752/X6762 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6752(#1)  Code reason depends
X6762(#2)   1.  Probably yes
            3.  If health lasts; if "feel like it";  health of other
                family members
            4.  If need the money; if "need to"; the "economy"
            5.  Probably no
            6.  If still enjoying work
            7.  If there is an interesting opportunity
           11.  If get bored
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1; answer to future full-time work NEVER
                STOP: X4524=-2/X5124=-2; original answer not DEPENDS)


           In what year (do you/does [he/she]) expect to stop working
           altogether?

X7238(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7305(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1)

X7700(#1)  Code age
X7729(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1)

X4526(#1)  Code number of years
X5126(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
           -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working full-time: X4511^=1/
                X5111^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6732/X6742 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6732(#1)  Code reason depends
X6742(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CURRENTLY WORKING PART-TIME
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4527(#1)  Now I have a few questions about your (spouse's/partner's)
X5127(#2)  past work.  Including any self-employment and your current
           job, since (you were/[he/she] was) 18, about how many years
           in total (have you/has [he/she]) worked part-time for all
           or most of the year?

           Code mnumber of years
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2)


X4528(#1)  Since (you were/[he/she] was) 18, (have you/has [he/she])
X5128(#2)  ever worked full-time for pay -- including any
           self-employment and the military?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2)


X4529(#1)  How many years (have you/has [he/she]) worked full-time for
X5129(#2)  all or most of the year?

           Code number of years
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1)
           **********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 60
           **********************************************


X4530(#1)  Was that five years or more?
X5130(#2)
           INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT - SEE X4529/X5129

            1.  R HAS WORKED FULL-TIME FOR 5 YEARS OR MORE OR DK
            2.  LESS THAN 5 YEARS
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1)

           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X4531(#1)  In what year did (you/he/she) last work full-time for pay?
X5131(#2) 
          
           Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; worked
                5 years or more full-time: X4530=1/X5130=1)

X7239(#1)  Code age
X7306(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; worked
                5 years or more full-time: X4530=1/X5130=1)

X7240(#1)  Code number of years
X7307(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; worked
                5 years or more full-time: X4530=1/X5130=1)

X4532(#1)  About how much did (you/he/she) earn before taxes that year?
X5132(#2)
           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; worked
                5 years or more full-time: X4530=1/X5130=1)

X4533(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5133(#2)  And how often did (you/he/she) receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; worked
                5 years or more full-time: X4530=1/X5130=1)


X4534(#1)  Including any self-employment and any full-time work on
X5134(#2)  your (spouse's/partner's) current job, for how many
           different employers (have you/has [he/she]) worked in
           full-time jobs lasting one year or more?

           Code number of employers
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)


X4535(#1)  I want to know about the longest full-time job (you/he/she)
X5135(#2)  had.  Did (you/he/she) work for someone else, (were you/was
           [he/she]) self-employed, or what?

            1.  Someone else
            2.  Self-employed; other non-corporate business owned by PEU
            3.  Partnership; law firm; medical/dental partnership
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)


X7407(#1)  What sort of work (were you/was [he/she]) doing when you
X7417(#2)  stopped working full-time at that job?
           (Tell me a little more about what (you/he/she) did.)

           Code Census 1995 3-digit occupation codes
           See X7401/X7411 for definitions

           In the public version of the dataset, these codes have been
           collapsed in the following way: 
           IF (3 <= 3-digit occ. code <=37) THEN occ. code=1;
           ELSE IF (43 <= 3-digit occ. code <=199) THEN occ. code=1;
           ELSE IF (203 <= 3-digit occ. code <=235) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (243 <= 3-digit occ. code <=285) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (303 <= 3-digit occ. code <=389) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (403 <= 3-digit occ. code <=407) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (413 <= 3-digit occ. code <=427) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (433 <= 3-digit occ. code <=469) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (473 <= 3-digit occ. code <=499) THEN occ. code=6;
           ELSE IF (503 <= 3-digit occ. code <=699) THEN occ. code=4;
           ELSE IF (703 <= 3-digit occ. code <=799) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (803 <= 3-digit occ. code <=859) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (863 <= 3-digit occ. code <=889) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (903 <= 3-digit occ. code <=905) THEN occ. code=3;

            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)


X7408(#1)  What kind of business or industry did (you/he/she) work in -- 
X7418(#2)  that is, what did they make or do at the place where
           (you/he/she) worked?

           Code Census 1995 3-digit industry code
           See X7402/X7412 for definitions

           In the public version of the dataset, these codes have been
           collapsed in the following way: 
           IF (10 <= 3-digit ind. code <=32) THEN ind. code=1;
           ELSE IF (40 <= 3-digit ind. code <=50) THEN ind. code=2;
           ELSE IF (60 <= 3-digit ind. code <=60) THEN ind. code=2;
           ELSE IF (100 <= 3-digit ind. code <=392) THEN ind. code=3;
           ELSE IF (500 <= 3-digit ind. code <=571) THEN ind. code=4;
           ELSE IF (580 <= 3-digit ind. code <=691) THEN ind. code=4;
           ELSE IF (700 <= 3-digit ind. code <=712) THEN ind. code=5;
           ELSE IF (721 <= 3-digit ind. code <=760) THEN ind. code=5;
           ELSE IF (400 <= 3-digit ind. code <=472) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (761 <= 3-digit ind. code <=791) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (800 <= 3-digit ind. code <=802) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (810 <= 3-digit ind. code <=893) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (900 <= 3-digit ind. code <=960) THEN ind. code=7;

            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)


           When did (you/he/she) start working at that job?

X4538(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X5138(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)

X7241(#1)  Code age
X7308(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)

X7242(#1)  Code number of lears
X7309(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)


           When did (you/he/she) stop working at that job?

X4539(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X5139(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)

X7243(#1)  Code age
X7310(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)

X7244(#1)  Code number of years
X7311(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)


X4540(#1)  About how much (were you/was [he/she]) earning before taxes
X5140(#2)  when (you/he/she) stopped?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)

X4541(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5141(#2)  And how often did (you/he/she) receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)


           In what year did (you/your spouse/partner) last work
           full-time for pay?

X4542(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X5142(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)

X7245(#1)  Code age
X7312(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)

X7246(#1)  Code number of years
X7313(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2); no full-time jobs: X4528^=1/X5128^=1; did
                not work 5 years or more full-time: X4530=^1/X5130^=1)


X4543(#1)  Thinking now of the future, (do you/does your
X5143(#2)  [spouse/partner]) expect to do any full-time work for pay?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6753/X6763 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6753(#1)  Code reaspon depends
X6763(#2)   1.  Probably yes
            3.  If health lasts; if "feel like it";  health of other
                family members
            4.  If need the money; if "need to"; the "economy"
            5.  Probably no
            6.  If still enjoying work
            7.  If there is an interesting opportunity
           11.  If get bored
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           15.  After school, children
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; original answer not DEPENDS)


           In what year (do you/does [he/she]) expect to start working
           full-time?

X7247(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7314(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no future full-time work: X4543^=1/X5143^=1)

X7248(#1)  Code age
X7315(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no future full-time work: X4543^=1/X5143^=1)

X4544(#1)  Code number of years
X5144(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no future full-time work: X4543^=1/X5143^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6733/X6743 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6733(#1)  Code reason depends
X6743(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; o future full-time work: X4543^=1/X5143^=1;
                original answer not DEPENDS)


           In what year (do you/does [he/she]) expect to stop working
           full-time?

X7249(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7316(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no future full-time work: X4543^=1/X5143^=1)


X7701(#1)  Code age
X7730(#2)   0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no future full-time work: X4543^=1/X5143^=1)

X4545(#1)  Code number of years
X5145(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
           -2,  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no future full-time work: X4543^=1/X5143^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6734/X6744 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6734(#1)  Code reason depends
X6744(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; no future full-time work: X4543^=1/X5143^=1;
                original answer not DEPENDS)


          In what year (do you/does [he/she]) expect to stop working
          for pay altogether?

X7250(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7317(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2)


X7702(#1)  Code age
X7731(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2)

X4546(#1)  Code number of years
X5146(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
           -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6735/X6745 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6735(#1)  Code reason depends
X6745(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (not doing any work for pay: X4105=5/X4705=5;/    
                no spouse; not currently working part-time: X4511^=2/
                X5111^=2; original response not DEPENDS)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CURRENTLY NOT WORKING
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X4601(#1)  Since (you were/[he/she] was) 18, (have you/has [he/she])
X5201(#2)  ever worked full-time for pay?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse)


X4602(#1)  How many years (have you/has [he/she]) worked full-time for
X5202(#2)  all or most of the year?  Include any periods of
           self-employment, and the military. (Roughly, how many years?)

           Code number of years
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1)
           **********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 60
           **********************************************


X4603(#1)  Was that five years or more?
X5203(#2)  INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT - SEE X4602/X5202

            1.  R HAS WORKED FULL-TIME FOR 5 YEARS OR MORE OR DK
            2.  LESS THAN 5 YEARS
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X4604(#1)  In what year did (you/he/she) last work full-time for pay?
X5204(#2)
           Code year
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                at least 5 years full-time: X4603=1/X5203=1)

X7251(#1)  Code age
X7318(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                at least 5 years full-time: X4603=1/X5203=1)

X7252(#1)  Code number of years
X7319(#2)  -1.  Less than one
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                at least 5 years full-time: X4603=1/X5203=1)


X4605(#1)  About how much did (you/he/she) earn before taxes that year?
X5205(#2)
           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                at least 5 years full-time: X4603=1/X5203=1)

X4606(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5206(#2)  And how often did (you/he/she) receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                at least 5 years full-time: X4603=1/X5203=1)


X4607(#1)  Including any self-employment, for how many different
X5207(#2)  employers (have you/has [he/she]) worked in full-time jobs
           lasting one year or more?

           Code number of employers
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


X4608(#1)  I want to know about this full-time job (you/he/she)
X5208(#2)
           I want to know about the longest full-time job (you/he/she)
           had.  Did (you/he/she) work for someone else, (were you/was
           [he/she]) self-employed, or what?
            1.  Someone else
            2.  Self-employed; other non-corporate business owned by PEU
            3.  Partnership; law firm; medical/dental partnership
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


X7409(#1)  What sort of work (were you/was [he/she]) doing when
X7419(#2)  (you/he/she) left that job?  
           (Tell me a little more about what (you/he/she) did.)

           Code Census 1995 3-digit occupation codes
           See X7401/X7411 for definitions

           In the public version of the dataset, these codes have been
           collapsed in the following way: 
           IF (3 <= 3-digit occ. code <=37) THEN occ. code=1;
           ELSE IF (43 <= 3-digit occ. code <=199) THEN occ. code=1;
           ELSE IF (203 <= 3-digit occ. code <=235) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (243 <= 3-digit occ. code <=285) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (303 <= 3-digit occ. code <=389) THEN occ. code=2;
           ELSE IF (403 <= 3-digit occ. code <=407) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (413 <= 3-digit occ. code <=427) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (433 <= 3-digit occ. code <=469) THEN occ. code=3;
           ELSE IF (473 <= 3-digit occ. code <=499) THEN occ. code=6;
           ELSE IF (503 <= 3-digit occ. code <=699) THEN occ. code=4;
           ELSE IF (703 <= 3-digit occ. code <=799) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (803 <= 3-digit occ. code <=859) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (863 <= 3-digit occ. code <=889) THEN occ. code=5;
           ELSE IF (903 <= 3-digit occ. code <=905) THEN occ. code=3;

            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


X7410(#1)  What kind of business or industry did (you/he/she) work in -- 
X7420(#2)  that is, what did they make or do at the place where
           (you/he/she) worked?

           Code Census 1995 3-digit industry code
           See X7402/X7412 for definitions

           In the public version of the dataset, these codes have been
           collapsed in the following way: 
           IF (10 <= 3-digit ind. code <=32) THEN ind. code=1;
           ELSE IF (40 <= 3-digit ind. code <=50) THEN ind. code=2;
           ELSE IF (60 <= 3-digit ind. code <=60) THEN ind. code=2;
           ELSE IF (100 <= 3-digit ind. code <=392) THEN ind. code=3;
           ELSE IF (500 <= 3-digit ind. code <=571) THEN ind. code=4;
           ELSE IF (580 <= 3-digit ind. code <=691) THEN ind. code=4;
           ELSE IF (700 <= 3-digit ind. code <=712) THEN ind. code=5;
           ELSE IF (721 <= 3-digit ind. code <=760) THEN ind. code=5;
           ELSE IF (400 <= 3-digit ind. code <=472) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (761 <= 3-digit ind. code <=791) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (800 <= 3-digit ind. code <=802) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (810 <= 3-digit ind. code <=893) THEN ind. code=6;
           ELSE IF (900 <= 3-digit ind. code <=960) THEN ind. code=7;

            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


           In what year did (you/he/she) start working at that job?

X4611(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X5211(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


X7253(#1)  Code age
X7320(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)

X7254(#1)  Code number of years
X7321(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


           In what year did (you/he/she) stop working at that job?

X4612(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X5212(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


X7255(#1)  Code age
X7322(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)

X7256(#1)  Code number of years
X7323(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


X4613(#1)  About how much (were you/was [he/she]) earning before taxes
X5213(#2)  when (you/he/she) stopped?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)

X4614(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5214(#2)  And how often did (you/he/she) receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; never worked full-time: X4601^=1/X5201^=1;
                less than 5 years full-time: X4603=2/X5203=2)


X4615(#1)  Since (you were/[he/she] was) 18, were there any years when
X5215(#2)  (you/he/she) (only) worked part-time for all or most of the
           year?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse)


X4616(#1)  For about how many years did (you/he/she) work part-time
X5216(#2)  (for all or most of the year)?

           Code number of years
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; no part-time work: X4615^=1/X5215^=1)


X4617(#1)  (Do you/Does [he/she]) expect to work for pay in the future?
X5217(#2)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse)


           In what year (do you/does your [spouse/partner]) expect to
           start working?

X7257(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7324(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1)

X7258(#1)  Code age
X7325(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1)

X4618(#1)  Code number of years
X5218(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6736/X6746 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6736(#1)  Code reason depends
X6746(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1: original response not DEPENDS)


X4619(#1)  Will any of that be full-time work?
X5219(#2)
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6754/X6764 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6754(#1)  Code reason depends
X6764(#2)   4.  As soon as can find full-time job
            6.  Depends on pay
            7.  Depends on health or health-related issue
            8.  No particular plans
            9.  Expect to go into self-employment/expand time for self-employment
           10.  Depends upon family or child-care issues
           11.  Depends on opportunities/interest
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; original response not DEPENDS)


          In what year (do you/does [he/she]) expect to start working
          full-time?

X7259(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7326(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; does not expect to work full-time:
                X4619^=1/X5219^=1)

X7260(#1)  Code age
X7327(#2)   0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; does not expect to work full-time:
                X4619^=1/X5219^=1)

X4620(#1)  Code number of years
X5220(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; does not expect to work full-time:
                X4619^=1/X5219^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6737/X6747 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6737(#1)  Code reason depends
X6747(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; does not expect to work full-time:
                X4619^=1/X5219^=1; original response not DEPENDS)


           In what year (do you/does [he/she]) expect to stop working
           full-time?

X7261(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7328(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; does not expect to work full-time:
                X4619^=1/X5219^=1)

X7703(#1)  Code age
X7732(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; does not expect to work full-time:
                X4619^=1/X5219^=1)

X4621(#1)  Code number of years
X5221(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
           -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; does not expect to work full-time:
                X4619^=1/X5219^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6738/X6748 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6738(#1)  Code reason depends
X6748(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; does not expect to work full-time:
                X4619^=1/X5219^=1; oroginal response not DEPENDS)


           In what year (do you/does [he/she]) expect to stop working
           for pay altogether?

X7262(#2)  Code year
X7329(#2)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1)

X7704(#1)  Code age
X7733(#1)  -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1)

X4622(#1)  Code number of years
X5222(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
           -2.  Never stop
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1)

DEPENDS was allowed as an response to this question.  However, in
processing, this answer was coded as a missing value and imputed.
X6739/X6749 contain the verbatim response when R originally answered
DEPENDS.
X6739(#1)  Code reason depends
X6749(#2)   6.  As long as health lasts, as long as I can
            7.  Until have children
            8.  Until return to school; until get married; until other
                non-work activity
            9.  Until finances are adequate; depends on finances
           10.  Depends on Interest, How I feel
           11.  Depends upon opportunities/economy
           12.  Never go back full time
           13.  Whenever find job, ASAP
           14.  Depends upon health
           15.  After school, children
           16.  Only if need to, no plan
           17.  When R can turn over/sell the business
           18.  Depends on retirement age/incentives in future
           19.  Depends on what spouse does; depends on spouse health
           20.  Depends on family needs/situation
           21.  Depends on whether part-time work is available
           22.  Depends on when licensed
            0.  Inap. (doing any work for pay: X4106^=0/X4706^=0;/    
                no spouse; does not expect to work in future:
                X4617^=1/X5217^=1; original response not DEPENDS)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
INFORMATION LINKED FROM 1995 CURRENT POPULATION SURVEY BY OCCUPATION CODE
FOR PRIOR JOB
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X8171(#1)  Recode: Unconditional mean wage for occupation group in 1995
X8172(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

           For each occupation group, regressions were run separately
           for males and females of the log of annualized wages on a
           constant, a spline on age (AGE, MAX(0, AGE-35),
           MAX(0,AGE-55)), a dummy variable for part-time employment
           (1 = working 20 or fewer hours per week), a dummy variable
           for self-employment (1 = self-employed), a dummy for race
           (1 = Hispanic or non-white), and dummy variables for years
           of education (1 = : 12 years of education, some college or
           an Associate's degree, Bachelor's degree, higher degree
           than Bachelor's degree).  If there were too few people in a CPS
           3-digit occupation group, either the SCF case was matched to
           a neighboring occupation group, or the match was made at the
           level of the 2-digit occupation code.  Some of the model
           coefficients may be identically zero where there are too few
           cases in the appropriate cells in the CPS data to identify
           these coefficients; for example, a coefficient for the
           [36,55) element of the age spline may be identically zero
           if there are no CPS cases in that age group for the given
           occupation.


X8125(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Intercept
X8126(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8119(#1)  Recode: For age in [1, 35]: 10000 * Coefficient of AGE
X8120(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8121(#1)  Recode: For age in [36, 55]: 10000 * Coefficient of MAX(0,AGE-35)
X8122(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8123(#1)  Recode: For age in [55, 999]: 10000 * Coefficient of MAX(0,AGE-55)
X8124(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8332(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for part-time employment
X8333(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8334(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for self-emlpoyment
X8335(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8336(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for Hispanic or nonwhite
X8337(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8338(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for 12 years of education
X8339(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8340(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for some college or
X8341(#2)  Associate's degree

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8342(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for Bachelor's degree
X8343(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8344(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Coefficient of dummy for higher degree than
X8345(#2)  Bachelor's degree

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8127(#1)  Recode: 10000 * Standard error log regression
X8128(#2)
           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X8129(#1)  Recode: Annualized level of expected income from regression
X8130(#2)  (corrected for non-zero expectation of error term for level)

           Code number
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; no 3-digit occupation code for past
               job: X7405=0 and X7407=0 and X7409=0/X7415=0 and
               X7417=0 and X7419=0)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CURRENT BENEFITS FROM SOCIAL SECURITY AND PENSIONS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5301      Are you or your (spouse/partner) currently receiving Social
           Security benefit payments? (VERSION ASKED ONLY IF CURRENT JOB
           PENSION REPORTED AT X4140/X4740)

           Are you or your (spouse/partner) currently receiving Social
           Security benefit payments, or any other type of pension,
           retirement, or disability benefit payment?

           Are you currently receiving Social Security benefit payments?
           (VERSION ASKED ONLY IF CURRENT JOB PENSION REPORTED AT
           X4140/X4740)

           Are you currently receiving Social Security benefit payments, 
           or any other type of pension, retirement, or disability
           benefit payment?

           REMEMBER! 'YOU' HERE MEANS THE DESIGNATED RESPONDENT
           'SPOUSE/PARTNER' MEANS SPOUSE/PARTNER OF DESIGNATED R
           (DO NOT INCLUDE SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME [SSI])

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5302      Do these include Social Security benefit payments?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to Social Security benefits of head
#2 refers to Social Security benefits of spouse/partner
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5303(#1)  Are you and your (spouse/partner) currently receiving
X5308(#2)  Social Security payments or is only one of you? (Which one?) 

            1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked (including no spouse)
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; not receiving Social Security:
                X5302^=1; no spouse/partner)


X5304(#1)  Are the payments you receive for retirement, disability, or
X5309(#2)  survivors benefits?

           Are the payments your (spouse/partner) receives for retirement, 
           disability, or survivors benefits?

            1.  Retirement
            2.  Disability
            3.  Survivors
            6.  Dependent's benefit
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; not receiving Social Security:
                X5302^=1;/no spouse; not receiving Social Security:
                X5303^=1/X5308^=1)
           *******************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 6 IS COMBINED WITH 3
           *******************************************************


           How long have you received these benefits?

           How long has he received these benefits?

           How long has she received these benefits?

X5305(#1)  Code number of years
X5310(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; not receiving Social Security:
                X5302^=1;/no spouse; not receiving Social Security:
                X5303^=1/X5308^=1)

X7330(#1)  Code age
X7331(#2)   0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; not receiving Social Security:
                X5302^=1;/no spouse; not receiving Social Security:
                X5303^=1/X5308^=1)

X7734(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7735(#2)   0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; not receiving Social Security:
                X5302^=1;/no spouse; not receiving Social Security:
                X5303^=1/X5308^=1)


X5306(#1)  How much do you receive each month or year?
X5311(#2)
           How much does he receive each month or year?

           How much does she receive each month or year?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; not receiving Social Security:
                X5302^=1;/no spouse; not receiving Social Security:
                X5303^=1/X5308^=1)

X5307(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5312(#2)
           And how often do you receive that amount?

           And how often does he receive that amount?

           And how often does she receive that amount?

           Code frequency
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; not receiving Social Security:
                X5302^=1;/no spouse; not receiving Social Security:
                X5303^=1/X5308^=1)


X5313      Are you or your (spouse/partner) currently receiving any
           other retirement, pensions, or disability payments?

           Are you currently receiving any other retirement, pensions,
           or disability payments?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1)


X5314      Not counting Social Security, how many retirement, pension,
           or disability benefit payments are you and your
           (spouse/partner) currently receiving?

           How many retirement, pension, or disability benefit
           payments are you and your (spouse/partner) currently
           receiving?

           Not counting Social Security, how many retirement, pension, or
           disability benefit payments are you currently receiving?  

           How many retirement, pension, or disability benefit
           payments are you currently receiving?

           Including the payments you told me you and your
           (spouse/partner) are receiving.

           Including the payments you told me you are receiving.

           Including the payments you told me your (spouse/partner) is
           receiving.

           (DO NOT INCLUDE INCOME FROM IRA AND KEOGH ACCOUNTS ALREADY
           REPORTED.)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 7
           ********************************************

X6700      Originally reported value of X5314 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 7
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to the first current pension benefit
#2 refers to the second current pension benefit
#3 refers to the third current pension benefit
#4 refers to the fourth current pension benefit
#5 refers to the fifth current pension benefit
#6 refers to the sixth current pension benefit
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5315(#1)  For this benefit, who is receiving these payments, you or
X5323(#2)
X5331(#3)  For the first benefit1, who is receiving these payments,
X5415(#4)  you or your (spouse/partner)?
X5423(#5)
X5431(#6)   1.  Head
            2.  Spouse/partner
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
                no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
                less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
                X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6)


X5316(#1)  Is this a payment from a current job, past job, a
X5324(#2)  disability or military benefit, spouse's pension, or
X5332(#3)  something else?
X5416(#4)
X5424(#5)   1.  Current job pension
X5432(#6)   2.  Past job pension (except military)
            3.  Disability
            4.  Military (retirement or disability)
            5.  Spouse pension
           10.  Pension through other family member
           11.  Union pension
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
                no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
                less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
                X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6)
           *********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODES 2 AND 11 ARE COMBINED
              WITH 1
           *********************************************************


           How long have you received these benefits?

           How long has (he/she) received these benefits?

X5317(#1)  Code number of years
X5325(#2)  -1.  Less than one year
X5333(#3)   0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
X5417(#4)       benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
X5425(#5)       no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
X5433(#6)       less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
                X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6)

X7332(#1)  Code age
X7333(#2)   0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
X7334(#3)       benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
X7335(#4)       no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
X7336(#5)       less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
X7337(#6)       X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6)

X7736(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7738(#2)   0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
X7740(#3)       benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
X7742(#4)       no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
X7744(#5)       less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
X7746(#6)       X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6)


X5318(#1)  How much is received each month or year?
X5326(#2)
X5334(#3)  Code amount
X5418(#4)   0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
X5426(#5)       benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
X5434(#6)       no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
                less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
                X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6)

X5319(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5327(#2)  And how often is that amount received?
X5335(#3)
X5419(#4)  Code frequency
X5427(#5)   1.  Day
X5435(#6)   2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
                no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
                less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
                X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6)


X5320(#1)  Has this payment been increased when the cost of living has
X5328(#2)  increased?
X5336(#3)
X5420(#4)   1.  YES
X5428(#5)   5.  NO
X5436(#6)   0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
                no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
                less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
                X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6)


X5322(#1)  If you were to die, what percent of this payment would your
X5330(#2)  (husband/wife/partner) continue to receive or would the
X5338(#3)  payments stop?
X5422(#4)
X5430(#5)  If your (husband/wife/partner) were to die, what percent of
X5438(#6)  this payment would you continue to receive or would the
           payments stop?

           Code percent * 100
           -1.  Stop
           -2.  Start at a later time, no indication of reduced benefit
           -3.  Start at a later time, indication of reduced benefit
           -4.  Lump sum payout
           -7.  Other arrangement
            0.  Inap. (not receiving pension or Social Security
                benefits: X5301^=1; no current pension benefits: X5314^=1;
                no benefits: X5314<1/less than 2 benefits: X5314<2/
                less than 3 benefits: X5314<3/less than 4 benefits:
                X5314<4/less than 5 benefits: X5314<5/less than 6
                benefits: X5314<6; no spouse or partner)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH SETTLEMENTS FROM PAST JOBS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5501      Have you or your (spouse/partner) ever received a cash
           settlement from a pension or retirement plan of a previous
           job?

           Have you ever received a cash settlement from a pension or 
           retirement plan of a previous job?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5502      How many different cash settlements have you or your
           (spouse/partner) received?

           How many different cash settlements have you received?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no setlements: X5501^=1)

X6701      Originally reported value of X5502 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no setlements: X5501^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first settlement
#2 refers to second settlement
#3 refers to third settlement
#4 refers to fourth settlement
#5 refers to fifth settlement
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5503(#1)  Who received this settlement, you or your (spouse/partner)?
X5506(#2)
X5509(#3)  Who received the first cash1 settlement, you or your 
X5512(#4)  (spouse/partner)?
X5515(#5)
            1.  Head
            2.  Spouse/partner
            0.  Inap. (no setlements: X5501^=1; no settlements: X5502<1/
                less than 2 settlements: X5502<2/less than 3 settlements:
                X5502<3/less than 4 settlements: X5502<4/less than 5
                settlements: X5502<5)


X5504(#1)  What was the amount of this settlement?
X5507(#2)
X5510(#3)  What was the amount of this first cash1 settlement?
X5513(#4)
X5516(#5)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no setlements: X5501^=1; no settlements: X5502<1/
                less than 2 settlements: X5502<2/less than 3 settlements:
                X5502<3/less than 4 settlements: X5502<4/less than 5
                settlements: X5502<5)


           In what year was this settlement received?

           In what year was the first cash1 settlement received?

X5505(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X5508(#2)   0.  Inap. (no setlements: X5501^=1; no settlements: X5502<1/
X5511(#3)       less than 2 settlements: X5502<2/less than 3 settlements:
X5514(#4)       X5502<3/less than 4 settlements: X5502<4/less than 5
X5517(#5)       settlements: X5502<5)

X7338(#1)  Code age
X7340(#2)   0.  Inap. (no setlements: X5501^=1; no settlements: X5502<1/
X7342(#3)       less than 2 settlements: X5502<2/less than 3 settlements:
X7344(#4)       X5502<3/less than 4 settlements: X5502<4/less than 5
X7346(#5)       settlements: X5502<5)

X7339(#1)  Code number of years
X7341(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
X7343(#3)   0.  Inap. (no setlements: X5501^=1; no settlements: X5502<1/
X7345(#4)       less than 2 settlements: X5502<2/less than 3 settlements:
X7347(#5)       X5502<3/less than 4 settlements: X5502<4/less than 5
                settlements: X5502<5)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUTURE PENSION BENEFITS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5601      Now I want to ask about future pension benefits that you
           and your (spouse/partner) have earned rights to from past
           or current jobs.  Aside from Social Security and other
           pensions you have already told me about, do you and your
           (spouse/partner) expect to receive any (other) pensions in
           the future?

           Now I want to ask about future pension benefits that you have 
           earned rights to from past or current jobs.  Aside from Social 
           Security and other pensions you have already told me about,
           do you expect to receive any (other) pensions in the future?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5602      How many such benefits do you or your (spouse/partner)
           expect to receive in the future?

           How many such benefits do you expect to receive in the future?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1)

X6702      Originally reported value of X5602 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to first future pension benefit
#2 refers to second future pension benefit
#3 refers to third future pension benefit
#4 refers to fourth future pension benefit
#5 refers to fifth future pension benefit
#6 refers to sixth future pension benefit
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5606(#1)  Who expects to receive this benefit?
X5614(#2)
X5622(#3)  Who expects to receive the largest benefit?
X5630(#4)
X5638(#5)  IF R ANSWERS DK:  Tell me about your benefits first. 
X5646(#6)  WE DO NOT CARE WHICH PLAN IS LARGEST, TAKE ANY PLAN.

            1.  Head
            2.  Spouse/partner
            0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
                benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
                X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
                benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
                less than 6 benefits: X5602<6)


X5603(#1)  About this benefit, is this from a pension plan
X5611(#2)
X5619(#3)  About the largest benefit, is this from a pension plan
X5627(#4)
X5635(#5)  where a certain amount of money is accumulated in an
X5643(#6)  account for you, a formula plan that will give you a
           specific amount of income each month or year when you
           retire, or what?

           where a certain amount of money is accumulated in an
           account for your (spouse/partner), a formula plan that will
           give you a specific amount of income each month or year
           when (he/she) retires, or what?

            1.  Income formula
            2.  Account
            3.  Both
            0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
                benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
                X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
                benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
                less than 6 benefits: X5602<6)


X7348(#1)  When you retire, will you receive the money in the account
X7350(#2)  as a lump sum, or will you receive regular payments?
X7352(#3)
X7354(#4)  When your (spouse/partner) retires, will (he/she) receive
X7356(#5)  the money in the account as a lump sum, or will (he/she)
X7358(#6)  receive regular payments?

            1.  Lump sum
            2.  Regular payments
            0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
                benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
                X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
                benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
                less than 6 benefits: X5602<6; not an account-type
                plan: X5603^=2/X5611^=2/X5619^=2/X5627^=2/X5635^=2/
                X5643^=2)


X5604(#1)  How much is in the account now?
X5612(#2)
X5620(#3)  Code amount
X5628(#4)  0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
X5636(#5)       benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
X5644(#6)       X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
                benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
                less than 6 benefits: X5602<6; an income formula
                plan: X5603=1/X5611=1/X5619=1/X5627=1/X5635=1/
                X5643=1)


           When do you expect to receive this pension?

           When does (he/she) expect to receive this pension?

X7751(#1)  Code number of years
X7752(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
X7753(#3)   0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
X7754(#4)       benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
X7755(#5)       X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
X7756(#6)       benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
                less than 6 benefits: X5602<6)

X5607(#1)  Code age
X5615(#2)   0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
X5623(#3)       benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
X5631(#4)       X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
X5639(#5)       benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
X5647(#6)       less than 6 benefits: X5602<6)

X7349(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7351(#2)   0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
X7353(#3)       benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
X7355(#4)       X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
X7357(#5)       benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
X7359(#6)       less than 6 benefits: X5602<6)


X5608(#1)  About how much do you expect them to be?
X5616(#2)
X5624(#3)  About how much does (he/she) expect them to be?
X5632(#4)
X5640(#5)  Code amount
X5648(#6)  -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
                benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
                X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
                benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
                less than 6 benefits: X5602<6; lump sum benefit:
                X7348=1/X7350=1/X7352=1/X7354=1/X7356=1/X7358=1)

X5609(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
X5617(#2)  And how often do you expect to receive that amount?
X5625(#3)
X5633(#4)  Code frequency
X5641(#5)   1.  Day
X5649(#6)   2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only/in total
           11.  Twice per year; every six months
           12.  Bimonthly
           14.  By the piece/job
           18.  Hour
           22.  Varies
           -1.  Nothing
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1; no future
                benefits: X5602<1/ less than 2 future benefits:
                X5602<2/less than 3 benefits X5602<3/less than 4
                benefits: X5602<4/less than 5 benefits: X5602<5/
                less than 6 benefits: X5602<6; lump sum benefit:
                X7348=1/X7350=1/X7352=1/X7354=1/X7356=1/X7358=1)


X7360      Are any of these part of an IRA, KEOGH, or other pension plan?

            1.  Yes,  IRA/KEOGH
            2.  Yes, pension
            5.  No                     
            0.  Inap. (no future pensions: X5601^=1)
            NOTE: All initial YES responses have been reconciled with
            the IRA/Keogh data and edited out of this grid.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME, SUPPORT, ALIMONY
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
           We have talked about various sources of income.  Now we
           would like to get the overall picture of all the different
           sources of income that you had in 1994.

           We have talked about various sources of income.  Now we
           would like to get the overall picture of all the different
           sources of income that you and members of your family living
           here had in 1994.

X5701      Did you have income from wages and salaries?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5702      In total, how much income from

           wages and salaries

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no wage income: X5701^=1)


X5703      Did you have income or losses from

           Did you or anyone have income or losses from

           a professional practice, business, or farm?

           (Other than wages or salaries)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO



X5704      In total, how much income from a professional practice,
           business, or farm

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?


           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
           -2.  Negative value inferred from data on business
            0.  Inap. (no business income: X5703^=1)


X5705      Did you have income from

           Did you or anyone have income from

           non-taxable investments such as municipal bonds0?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5706      In total, how much income from

           non-taxable investments such as municipal bonds

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no non-taxable income: X5705^=1)


X5707      Did you have any other interest income? 

           Did you or anyone have any other interest income?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5708     In total, how much other interest income

          In total, how much income from other interest

          did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
          anything else?

          did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
          for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no other interest income: X5707^=1)


X5709      Did you have income from

           Did you or anyone have income from

           dividends?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5710      In total, how much income from

           dividends

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no dividend income: X5709^=1)


X5711      Did you have income or losses from

           Did you or anyone have income or losses from

           net gains or losses from the sale of stocks, bonds, or real
           estate?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5712      In total, how much income from

           net gains or losses from the sale of stocks, bonds, or real
           estate

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no capital gains or losses: X5711^=1)


X5713      Did you have income from

           Did you or anyone have income from

           net rent, trusts, or royalties from any other investment or
           business?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5714      In total, how much income from

           net rent, trusts, or royalties from any other investment or
           business

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no rental, trust, or royalty income: X5713^=1)


X5715      Did you have income from

           Did you or anyone have income from

           unemployment or worker's compensation?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5716      In total, how much income from

           unemployment or worker's compensation

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no unemployment income: X5715^=1)


X5717      Did you have income from

           Did you or anyone have income from

           child support or alimony which you or your family here receive?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5718      In total, how much income from

           child support or alimony which you or your family here receive

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no child support or alimony income: X5717^=1)



X5719      Did you have income from

           Did you or anyone have income from

           ADC, AFDC, food stamps, or other forms of welfare or
           assistance such as SSI?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5720      In total, how much income from

           ADC, AFDC, food stamps, or other forms of welfare or
           assistance such as SSI

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no welfare income: X5719^=1)


X5721      Did you have income from

           Did you or anyone have income from

           Social Security or other pensions, annuities, or other
           disability or retirement programs?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5722      In total, how much income from

           Social Security or other pensions, annuities, or other
           disability or retirement programs

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no Social Security, pension, or annuity income:
                X5721^=1)


X5723      Did you have income from

           Did you or anyone have income from

           any other sources?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO

 
X5725      What other sources?

            1.  Settlements; from lawsuits, divorce, insurance
            2.  Gambling winnings; prize money
            3.  Education scholarships or grants (not including
                loans); G.I. Bill; "fellowships"
            4.  Honorarium
           11.  "IRA", NFS; IRA withdrawal
           12.  Inheritance/gifts
           13.  Other help/support from relatives
           14.  Repayment of debts
           15.  Income tax refund
           21.  Care of foster child in the home
           22.  Housing subsidy/rent paid by some (government) agency
           23.  Trustee fee; executor fee
           30.  Sale of asset (coding as capital gain/loss has priority)
           31.  Alaska Permanent Fund
            0.  Inap. (no other income: X5723^=1)
           ********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODES 3, 4, 21, AND 31 ARE
              COMBINED WITH -7.
           ********************************************************


X5724      In total, how much income from

           any other sources

           did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and
           anything else?

           did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions
           for taxes and anything else?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no other income: X5725^=1)


X7361      I would like to confirm that your total 1994 income from all

           I would like to confirm that your family's total 1994
           income from all 

           sources was {X5702+X5704+X5706+X5708+X5710+X5712+X5714+
           X5716+X5718+X5720+X5722+X5724}.

           Is that correct?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (at least one value in {J5702,J5704,J5706,
                J5708,J5710,J5712,J5714,J5716,J5718,J5720,J5722,J5724}
                >=90)
           NOTE: sometimes a respondent may have given an illegal
           value to one of (X5702 X5704 X5706 X5708 X5710 X5712 X5714
           X5716 X5718 X5720 X5722 X5724).  Most such values should
           not have been accepted by the CAPI program, but
           occasionally the software failed.  Such values were
           generally edited out, and often they were set to a missing
           value and subsequently imputed.  If the respondent did not
           give any incompete dollar responses to any of the component
           income questions, then he would be asked to confirm the
           total amount.  In all of these cases, there is inherent
           complex ambiguity about which income responses are most
           credible.  For these cases, the general policy was to
           change X7361 to the inapplicable code (zero).


X5729      What would be the correct total?

           How much was the total income you received in 1994 from all 
           sources, before taxes and other deductions were made?

           How much was the total income you and your family living here
           received in 1994 from all sources, before taxes and other
           deductions were made?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing

           NOTE: if X7361=1, the computed total is held in X5729.
           NOTE: in the public version of the dataset, the X7361 may
           be YES, but the value of the income in X5729 may not be
           equal to X5702+X5704+X5706+X5708+X5710+X5712+X5714+X5716+
           X5718+X5720+X5722+X5724 because of various operations
           applied to the data for disclosure avoidance.  The details
           of this operation cannot be revealed, but a general
           discription of the process is available in the papers cited
           in the introduction to this codebook.


X7650      Is this income unusually high or low compared to what you
           would expect in a "normal" year, or is it normal?

            1.  High
            2.  Low
            3.  Normal

           Note: some respondents reported that their 1994 income was
           unusually high (low), but gave a normal income figure at
           X7362 that was higher (lower).  These cases appear to be
           ones where the frame of reference for "normal" has shifted:
           e.g., a student made an unusually large amount last year as
           a student, but in a full-time job now makes more.


           Why is that?

X6765      Code reason income unusually high
            1.  Capital gains
            2.  Sale of assets
            3.  Higher business/self-employment income
            4.  Higher return on investments
            5.  Worked more; took second job
            6.  Stopped working since then: child
            7.  Stopped working since then: retired
            8.  Stopped working since then: other
            9.  Pension settlement
           10.  Other Settlement
           11.  Bonus
           12.  Inheritance
           13.  Good weather/crop
           14.  Took more money out of business
           15.  Good economy n.e.c.
           16.  Unexpected income n.e.c.
           17.  Change in household composition
           18.  Salary increase/higher salary; promotion
           19.  Social security/retirement/support payments began or
                increased
           20.  Social security/retirement/support payments stopped or
                decreased
           21.  Loans payed off
           22.  Changed jobs
           23.  Qualified for unemployment
           24.  Less able to work/ill since then
            0.  Inap. (income not unusually high: X7650^=1)

X6766      Code reason income unusually low
           1.  Low business/self-employment income
           2.  Low returns on investments
           3.  Worked less; laid off; fired
           4.  Illness; disability
           5.  In school
           6.  Stopped working: child
           7.  Stopped working: other
           8.  Current pension or other type of income not started yet
           9.  Depreciation
           10.  Business/job startup
           11.  Bad weather/crop
           12.  Took less money out of business
           13.  Bad  economy n.e.c.
           14.  Change in household composition
           15.  Charitable donation made
           16.  Decrease in benefits
           17.  Legal expenses/law suit
           18.  Not enough tax write-offs/tax problems
           19.  Bankruptcy
           20.  Lower salary/wages
           21.  Capital loss
           22.  Moved
            0.  Inap. (income not unusually low: X7650^=2)
           **********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 21 IS INCLUDED WITH 19.
           **********************************************************


X7362      About what would your income have been if it had been a normal year?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (income normal: X7650=3)


X304      Over the past five years, did your total income go up more
          than prices, less than prices, or about the same as prices?

          Over the past five years, did your total family income go up
          more than prices, less than prices, or about the same as prices?

           1.  Up more
           2.  Up less
           3.  About the same


X7364     Over the next year, do you expect your total income to go up 
          more than prices, less than prices, or about the same as prices?

          Over the next year, do you expect your total family income 
          to go up more than prices, less than prices, or about the same 
          as prices?

           1.  Up more
           2.  Up less
           3.  About the same


X7586      At this time, do you have a good idea of what your income
           for next year will be?

           At this time, do you have a good idea of what your family's
           income for next year will be?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X7366      Do you usually have a good idea of what your next year's 
           income will be?

           Do you usually have a good idea of what your family's next
           year's income will be?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5731      During 1994, did you pay any alimony, separation payments, 
           or child support?

           During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here
           pay any alimony, separation payments, or child support?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5732      Altogether, how much alimony and/or child support did you
           pay in 1994?

           Altogether, how much alimony and/or child support did you
           and your family pay in 1994?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no alimony: X5731^=1)


X5733      During 1994, did you provide any other financial support
           for  relatives or friends who do not live here?

           During 1994, did you provide any financial support for
           relatives or friends who do not live here?

           During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here
           provide any other financial support for relatives or
           friends who do not live here?

           During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here
           provide any financial support for relatives or friends who
           do not live here?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5734      How much support did you pay?

           How much support did you and your family pay?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no support given: X5733^=1)


           To whom was this support given?
           INTERVIEWER: CODE ALL THAT APPLY

X5735      Children under 18

X5736      Children 18 and over

X5737      Parents (In-Law)

X5738      Grandchildren

X5739      Grandparents

X5740      Siblings (In-Law)

X5741      Niece/Nephew

X5742      Friend

X5743      Other

            1.  Checked (only for X5735-X5742)
            2.  Aunt/Uncle (X5743 only)
            5.  Not checked
            9.  Ex-spouse  (will be edited out if same as payments to
                separated spouse reported at X5925 or spouse version)
                (X5743 only)
           10.  Other relatives (X5743 only)
            0.  Inap. (no support given: X5733^=1)


X5744      Did you or your (spouse/partner) file, or do you expect to
           file, a 1994 Federal Income tax return?

           Did you file, or do you expect to file, a 1994 Federal 
           Income tax return?

            1.  YES - FILED
            5.  NO -  DO NOT EXPECT TO FILE
            6.  YES - NOT YET FILED


X5746      Did you and your (spouse/partner) file a joint return,
           did you file separately, or did only one of you file?

           Will you and your (spouse/partner) file a joint return,
           will you file separately, or will only one of you file?

            1.  File Jointly
            2.  File Separately
            3.  Only R File
            4.  Only S File
            0.  Inap. (did not file and does not expect to do so: X5744=5;
                R not married or living with a partner: X102 not in
                (2 3); absent spouse/partner: X100=5)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to joint return
#2 refers to separate return for head
#3 refers to separate return for spouse/partner
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Did you and your (spouse/partner) file a schedule C, E, or
           F with your return?

           Will you and your (spouse/partner) file a schedule C, E, or
           F with your return?

           Did you file a schedule C, E, or F with your return?

           Will you file a schedule C, E, or F with your return?

           Did your (spouse/partner) file a schedule C, E, or F with
           (his/her) return?

           INTERVIEWER: CODE ALL THAT APPLY.
           IF R ASKS:  SCHEDULE C IS FOR BUSINESS INCOME OR SELF EMPLOYMENT
           SCHEDULE E IS FOR TRUST AND PARTNERSHIP INCOME
           SCHEDULE F IS FOR FARM INCOME

X5747(#1)  Schedule C
X7758(#2)
X7762(#3)

X5748(#1)  Schedule E
X7759(#2)
X7763(#3)

X5749(#1)  Schedule F
X7760(#2)
X7764(#3)

X5750(#1)  None of these		
X7761(#2)
X7765(#3)
            1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked
            0.  Inap. (did not file and does not expect to do so: 
                X5744=5; filed separately: X5746=2; only R filed: 
                X5746=3; only spouse filed: X5746=4 
                /did not file and does not expect to do so: X5744=5;
                filed jointly: X5746=1; only spouse filed: X5746=4;
                /did not file and does not expect to do so: X5744=5;
                filed jointly: X5746=1; only R filed: X5746=3; 
                no spouse)


X7367(#1)  Did you itemize deductions?
X7368(#2)
X7369(#3)  Will you itemize deductions?

           Did (he/she) itemize deductions on the return?

           Will (he/she) itemize deductions on the return?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (did not file and does not expect to do so: 
                X5744=5; filed separately: X5746=2; only R filed: 
                X5746=3; only spouse filed: X5746=4 
                /did not file and does not expect to do so: X5744=5;
                filed jointly: X5746=1; only spouse filed: X5746=4;
                /did not file and does not expect to do so: X5744=5;
                filed jointly: X5746=1; only R filed: X5746=3; 
                no spouse)


X5751(#1)  What was your and your (spouse/partner)'s total adjusted
X7651(#2)  gross income (AGI) on your 1994 tax return? (Form 1040,
X7652(#3)  Line 31)

           What will be your and your (spouse/partner)'s total
           adjusted gross income (AGI) on your 1994 tax return? (What
           do you think it will be?) (Form 1040, Line 31)

           What was your total adjusted gross income (AGI) on your
           1994 tax return?  (Form 1040, Line 31)

           What will be your total adjusted gross income (AGI) on your
           1994 tax return? (What do you think it will be?) (Form
           1040, Line 31)

           What was (his/her) total adjusted gross income (AGI) on
           (his/her) 1994 tax return? 

           What will be (his/her) total adjusted gross income (AGI) on
           (his/her) 1994 tax return?  (What do you think it will be?)

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (did not file and does not expect to do so: 
                X5744=5; filed separately: X5746=2; only R filed: 
                X5746=3; only spouse filed: X5746=4 
                /did not file and does not expect to do so: X5744=5;
                filed jointly: X5746=1; only spouse filed: X5746=4;
                /did not file and does not expect to do so: X5744=5;
                filed jointly: X5746=1; only R filed: X5746=3; 
                no spouse)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
INHERITANCES AND CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5801      Have you or your (spouse/partner) ever received an
           inheritance, or been given substantial assets in a trust or
           in some other form?

           Have you ever received an inheritance, or been given
           substantial assets in a trust or in some other form? 

           Please include any gifts or inheritances you may have told
           me about earlier.

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5802      How many of these have you or your (spouse/partner) ever
           received?

           How many of these have you ever received?

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no inheritances: X5801^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************

X6703      Originally reported value of X5802 (see introduction)

           Code number
            0.  Inap. (no inheritances: X5801^=1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to the first gift/inheritance
#2 refers to the second gift/inheritance
#3 refers to the third gift/inheritance
#4 refers to all remaining gifts/inheritances
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5803(#1)  Was that an inheritance, a trust, or what?
X5808(#2)
X5813(#3)  Thinking about the largest of these, was that an inheritance, 
           a trust, or what?

            1.  INHERITANCE
            2.  TRUST
            3.  TRANSFER/GIFT
            6.  INHERITED TRUST
           -7.  OTHER
            0.  Inap. (no inheritances: X5801^=1; no inheritances:
                X5802<1/less than 2 inheritances: X5802<2/less than 3
                inheritances: X5802<3)

           NOTE: the large number of -7 codes for this variable reflect
           a programming error that cause the verbatim response to the
           question to be skipped.


X5804(#1)  What was its approximate value at the time it was received?
X5809(#2)
X5814(#3)  Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no inheritances: X5801^=1; no inheritances:
                X5802<1/less than 2 inheritances: X5802<2/less than 3
                inheritances: X5802<3)


X5805(#1)  In what year was it received?
X5810(#2)
X5815(#3)  Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (no inheritances: X5801^=1; no inheritances:
                X5802<1/less than 2 inheritances: X5802<2/less than 3
                inheritances: X5802<3)
           ************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, ROUND TO NEAREST 5
           ************************************************


X5806(#1)  From whom was it received?
X5811(#2)
X5816(#3)  Code person
            1.  Grandparent
            2.  Parent
            3.  Child
            4.  Aunt/Uncle
            5.  Sibling
            6.  Friend
           12.  Government settlement/compensation
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no inheritances: X5801^=1; no inheritances:
                X5802<1/less than 2 inheritances: X5802<2/less than 3
                inheritances: X5802<3)

X5818(#4)  How much altogether were any others you have received?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no inheritances: X5801^=1; less than 4
                inheritances: X5802<4)

X8451(#4)  Original value of remaining total for Rs who did not
           provide complete information within the grid structure (see
           introduction)

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no inheritances: X5801^=1; did not break off
                early in grid)


X5819      Do you or your (spouse/partner) expect to receive a
           substantial inheritance or transfer of assets in the future?

           Do you expect to receive a substantial inheritance or transfer 
           of assets in the future?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5820      Is that likely to involve a large amount of money, a
           moderate amount, or what?

            1.  Large
            2.  Moderate
            3.  Small
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no expected future inheritance: X5819^=1)


X5821      About how much do you expect?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no expected future inheritance: X5819^=1)


X5822      During 1994, did you make charitable contributions of money
           or property totaling $500 or more?

           During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here
           make charitable contributions of money or property totaling
           $500 or more? 

           (Please do not include political contributions.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5823      Roughly, how much did you contribute?

           Roughly, how much did your family contribute?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no charitable contributions: X5822^=1)


X7662      During 1994, did you volunteer an average of one hour or
           more a week to any charitable organizations?

           During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here
           volunteer an average of one hour or more a week to any
           charitable organizations? 

           (Please do not include time volunteered for political causes.)

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


X5824      Some people think it is important to leave an estate or
           inheritance to their surviving heirs, while others don't.
           Which is closer to your

           and your (spouse/partner)'s feelings?  Would you say it is
           very important, important, somewhat important, or not
           important?

           feelings?  Would you say it is very important, important,
           somewhat important, or not important?

            1.  Very Important
            2.  Important
            3.  R and SP/PARTNER DIFFER
            4.  Somewhat Important
            5.  Not Important


X5825      Do you and your (spouse/partner) expect to leave a sizable
           estate to others?

           Do you expect to leave a sizable estate to others?

            1.  Yes
            3.  POSSIBLY
            5.  No


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEMOGRAPHIC CHARACTERISTICS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#1 refers to characteristics of head
#2 refers to characteristics of spouse/partner
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X5901(#1)  I'd like to ask you some questions about your background.
X6101(#2)  What is the highest grade of school or year of college you
           completed?

           I'd like to ask you some questions about your
           (spouse/partner)'s background.  What is the highest grade
           of school or year of college (he/she) completed?

            1.  1ST GRADE
            2.  2ND GRADE
            3.  3RD GRADE
            4.  4TH GRADE
            5.  5TH GRADE
            6.  6TH GRADE
            7.  7TH GRADE
            8.  8TH GRADE
            9.  9TH GRADE
           10.  10TH GRADE
           11.  11TH GRADE
           12.  12TH GRADE
           13.  1 YEAR OF COLLEGE
           14.  2 YEARS OF COLLEGE
           15.  3 YEARS OF COLLEGE
           16.  4 YEARS OF COLLEGE
           17.  GRADUATE SCHOOL
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse)


X5902(#1)  Did you get a high school diploma or pass a high school
X6102(#2)  equivalency test?

           Did (he/she) get a high school diploma or pass a high
           school equivalency test?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse; more than 12 years of education:
                X5901>12/X6101>12)


X5903(#1)  Since completing your formal education, have you had
X6103(#2)  on-the-job training or other vocational training lasting
           100 hours or more?

           Since completing (his/her) formal education, has (he/she)
           had on-the-job training or other vocational training
           lasting 100 hours or more?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse; more than 12 years of education:
                X5901>12/X6101>12)


X5904(#1)  Did you get a college degree?
X6104(#2)  Did (he/she) get a college degree?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse; 12 years or less of education:
                X5901<=12/X6101<=12)


X5905(#1)  What is the highest degree you have earned?
X6105(#2)  What is the highest degree (he/she) earned?

           INTERVIEWER: WE WANT THE DEGREE, NOT A LICENSE

           Code degree
            1.  Associate's and other junior college degree
            2.  Bachelor's
            3.  MA/MS and other master's except MBA
            9.  MBA
            4.  PhD (including post-doctorate)
            5.  MD; DDS; Doctor of Chiropracty; Doctor of Osteopathy
            6.  Law (JD)
           10.  Nursing degree (RN, LPN)
           11.  Other professional certificate
           12.  Other doctorate (DVM, Doctor of Divinity, etc.)
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse; 12 years or less of education:
                X5901<=12/X6101<=12; did not get a degree: X5904^=1/
                X6104^-1)
           ********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 9 IS COMBINED WITH 3;
              CODES 5, 6, AND 12 ARE COMBINED WITH 4; CODE 10 IS
              COMBINED WITH 11.
           ********************************************************


X5906(#1)  Has (he/she) ever been in the military service?
X6106(#2)
           Have you ever been in the military service?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse)


X5909      Are you Native American, Asian, Hispanic, black, white, or
           another race?

           (SHOW CARD 16)

           Code group
            1.  Native American/Eskimo/Aleut
            2.  Asian or Pacific Islander
            3.  Hispanic
            4.  Black or African-American
            5.  White
           -7.  Other
           ********************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODES 1 AND 2 ARE COMBINED
              WITH -7.
           ********************************************************

           NOTE: This question was asked only of the designated
           respondent (if X8000=5, this person is the head, otherwise
           it is the spouse/partner)
           NOTE: CARD 16 contains the following text printed in a
           vertical column: "Native American; Eskimo; Aleut," Asian;
           Pacific Islander," "Hispanic," "Black; African American,"
           "White," "Other."


X5910      Now I'd like to ask some questions about your family living
           elsewhere.  Altogether, including children from previous
           marriages and adopted

           children, how many sons and daughters do you or your
           (spouse/partner) have who do not live with you?

           children, how many sons and daughters do you have who do
           not live with you?

           Code number
           -1.  None
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************


X5911      How many of them are 25 or older?

           Is that child 25 or older?

           Code number
           -2.  All of them
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (no children who do not live with R: X5910=-1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************


X5912      How many of them are less than 18 years old?

           Is that child less than 18 years old?

           Code number
           -2.  All of them
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (no children who do not live with R: X5910=-1)
           ********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 5
           ********************************************


X5913(#1)  How many living brothers and sisters do you have?
X6109(#2)
           How many living brothers and sisters does (he/she) have?

           Code number
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************


X5914(#1)  How many are older than you?
X6110(#2)
           Is he or she older than you?

           How many are older than (he/she) is?

           Code number
           -2.  All
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (no siblings: X5913=-1/X6109=-1;/no spouse or
                partner in PEU: X107^=1)
           *********************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 10
           *********************************************


           How many years have you been married to your current spouse?

           How many years have you been living with your partner?

X7370(#1)  Code number of years
           -1.  None
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1)
           *******************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, TOP-CODED AT 60: YEAR AND
              AGE SIMILARLY ADJUSTED.
           *******************************************************

X7371(#1)  Code age
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1)

X8005(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse or partner in PEU: X107^=1)


X7372(#1)  What is your current legal marital status?  Are you
X7018(#2)  married, separated, divorced, widowed, or have you never
           been married?

            1.  MARRIED
            3.  SEPARATED
            4.  DIVORCED
            5.  WIDOWED
            6.  NEVER MARRIED
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse or partner: X102^=2 or 3)


X6767(#1)  Recode: number of years in previous marriage.
X6768(#2)
           Code number of years
            -1.  Less than one year
             0.  Inap. (not separated, widowed, or divorced: X8023^=3,
                 4, or 5 and X7372^=3, 4, or 5; R married and living
                 with a parter: X8023=2 and X7372=1/Sp Married and
                 living with a partner: X8023=2 & X7018=1; no
                 spouse or partner)


           In what year were you separated from your spouse?

           In what year were you divorced?

           In what year were you widowed?

           In what year were you separated, divorced,  or widowed?

X8007(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (not separated, widowed, or divorced: X8023^=3,
                4, or 5 and X7372^=3, 4, or 5)
           ****************************************************
               FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, ROUNDED TO NEAREST 5.
           ****************************************************

X7373(#1)  Code age
            0.  Inap. (not separated, widowed, or divorced: X8023^=3,
                4, or 5 and X7372^=3, 4, or 5)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X7374(#1)  Code number of years
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not separated, widowed, or divorced: X8023^=3,
                4, or 5 and X7372^=3, 4, or 5)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


           In what year did your current marriage begin?

           In what year did that marriage begin?

X8008(#1)  Code year
            0.  Inap. (not separated, widowed, or divorced and not
                married but living with a partner: X8023^=3, 4, or 5
                and X7372^=3, 4, or 5 and [X8023^=1 or X7002^=1] and
                [X8023^=2 or X7372^=1])
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X7375(#1)  Code age
            0.  Inap. (not separated, widowed, or divorced and not
                married but living with a partner: X8023^=3, 4, or 5
                and X7372^=3, 4, or 5 and [X8023^=1 or X7002^=1] and
                [X8023^=2 or X7372^=1])
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X7376(#1)  Code number of years
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (not separated, widowed, or divorced and not
                married but living with a partner: X8023^=3, 4, or 5
                and X7372^=3, 4, or 5 and [X8023^=1 or X7002^=1] and
                [X8023^=2 or X7372^=1])
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


           In what year was your (spouse/partner)
           (separated/divorced/widowed)?

X8016(#2)  Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap.  (partner not separate, widowed, or divorced:
                X7018^=3, 4, or 5)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X7383(#2)  Code age
            0.  Inap.  (partner not separate, widowed, or divorced:
                X7018^=3, 4, or 5)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X7384(#2)  Code number of years ago
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap.  (partner not separate, widowed, or divorced:
                X7018^=3, 4, or 5)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


           In what year did your partner's current marriage begin?

           In what year did that marriage begin?

X8017(#2)  Code year (4 digits)
            0.  Inap. (partner not currently married, separated,
                divorced, or widowed: X7018^=1, 3, 4, or 5)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X7385(#2)  Code age
            0.  Inap. (partner not currently married, separated,
                divorced, or widowed: X7018^=1, 3, 4, or 5)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X7386(#2)  Code number of years ago
           -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (partner not currently married, separated,
                divorced, or widowed: X7018^=1, 3, 4, or 5)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


X5925(#1)  Do you receive support from your (husband/wife), do you pay
X7387(#2)  support, or is there no support involved?

           Do you receive support from your wife, do you pay support,
           or is there no support involved?

           Do you receive support from your husband, do you pay
           support, or is there no support involved?

           Does your partner receive support from his wife, does

           Does your partner receive support from her husband, does

            1.  Receive Support
            2.  No Support Involved
            3.  Pay Support
            0.  Inap. (not married and living with partner, and not
                separated: X8023^=1 and X7372^=1 and X8023^=3 and
                X7372^=3/no partner or partner not married or
                separated: [X8023^=2 and X7002^=1] or [(X8023=2 or
                X7002=2) and X7018=1 or 3])


X5926(#1)  How much do you receive?
X6650(#2)
           How much does (he/she) receive?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (not married and living with partner, and not
                separated: X8023^=1 and X7372^=1 and X8023^=3 and
                X7372^=3/no partner or partner not married or
                separated: [X8023^=2 and X7002^=1] or [(X8023=2 or
                X7002=2) and X7018=1 or 3]; does not receive support:
                X5925^=1/X7387^=1)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X5927(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
X6651(#2)  Is that weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly, or what?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not married and living with partner, and not
                separated: X8023^=1 and X7372^=1 and X8023^=3 and
                X7372^=3/no partner or partner not married or
                separated: [X8023^=2 and X7002^=1] or [(X8023=2 or
                X7002=2) and X7018=1 or 3]; does not receive support:
                X5925^=1/X7387^=1)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


X5928(#1)  How much do you pay?
X6652(#2)
           How much does (he/she) pay?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (not married and living with partner, and not
                separated: X8023^=1 and X7372^=1 and X8023^=3 and
                X7372^=3/no partner or partner not married or
                separated: [X8023^=2 and X7002^=1] or [(X8023=2 or
                X7002=2) and X7018=1 or 3]; does not pay support:
                X5925^=3/X7387^=3)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X5929(#1)  INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
X6653(#2)  Is that weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly, or what?

           Code frequency
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  Lump sum/one payment only
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not married and living with partner, and not
                separated: X8023^=1 and X7372^=1 and X8023^=3 and
                X7372^=3/no partner or partner not married or
                separated: [X8023^=2 and X7002^=1] or [(X8023=2 or
                X7002=2) and X7018=1 or 3]; does not pay support:
                X5925^=3/X7387^=3)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


X5930(#1)  Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this
           interview owned mainly by you and your partner, are they
           owned jointly with your (husband/wife), or what?

           Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this
           interview owned mainly by you, are they owned jointly with
           your (husband/wife), or what?

           Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this
           interview owned mainly by you and your partner, are they
           owned jointly with your wife, or what?

           Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this
           interview owned mainly by you, are they owned jointly with
           your wife, or what?

           Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this
           interview owned mainly by you and your partner, are they
           owned jointly with your husband, or what?

           Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this
           interview owned mainly by you, are they owned jointly with
           your husband, or what?

            1.  Owned by R, or others in primary economic unit
            2.  Owned Jointly
            3.  Mainly owned by spouse
           -1.  No assets
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (not married and living with partner, and not
                 separated: X8023^=1 and X7372^=1 and X8023^=3 and
                 X7372^=3)


X7377(#1)  Was this your first marriage, or had you been married before?
X7392(#2)
           Is your marriage to your absent spouse your first marriage,
           or have you been married before?

           Is this your first marriage, or have you been married before?

           Is this your (spouse/partner)'s first marriage, or has
           (he/she) been married before?

           Was this your partner's first marriage, or has (he/she)
           been married before?

            1.  First Marriage
            2.  Married Before
            0.  Inap. (never married: X8023=6 or X7372=6/no spouse or
                partner or partner not married before: [X8023^=1 or 2
                and X7002^=1] or X7918^-3, 4, or 5)


           How old were you when you were married the first time?

           How old was (he/she) when (he/she) was married the first time?

X7378(#1)  Code year (4 digits)
X7393(#2)   0.  Inap. (never married: X8023=6 or X7372=6/partner not
                married before: X105=6; not married before: X7377^=2/
                spouse not married before: X7392^=2)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************

X8011(#1)  Code age
X8018(#2)   0.  Inap. (never married: X8023=6 or X7372=6/partner 
                never married: X105=6)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


X7379(#1)  Code number of years ago
X7394(#2)  -1.  Less than a year
            0.  Inap. (never married: X8023=6 or X7372=6/partner 
                never married: X105=6)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


X6026(#1)  Now I'd like to ask about your parents.
X6120(#2)
           Is your mother still living?

           Is your (spouse/partner)'s mother still living?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse)


X6027(#1)  What is her age?
X6121(#2)
           Code age
           0.  Inap. (/no spouse; mother not living: X6026^=1)
           ***************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, ROUNDED TO NEAREST 5.
           ***************************************************


X6028(#1)  Is your father still living?
X6122(#2)
           Is your (spouse/partner)'s father still living?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse)


X6029(#1)  What is his age?
X6123(#2)
           Code age
           0.  Inap. (/no spoue; father not living: X6028^=1)
           ***************************************************
              FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, ROUNDED TO NEAREST 5.
           ***************************************************


X7380(#1)  Now I'd like to ask you some questions about your health; 
X7395(#2)  do you currently smoke?

           Now I'd like to ask you some questions about your
           (spouse/partner)'s health; does your (spouse/partner)
           currently smoke?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse)


X6030(#1)  Would you say your health is excellent, good, fair, or poor?
X6124(#2)
           Would you say your (spouse/partner)'s health in general is
           excellent, good, fair, or poor?

            1.  Excellent
            2.  Good
            3.  Fair
            4.  Poor
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse)


X7381(#1)  About how old do you think you will live to be?
X7396(#2)
           If we asked your (spouse/partner), about how old do you
           think (he/she) would say that (he/she) expects to live to be?

           Code age
            0.  Inap. (/no spouse)


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
HEALTH INSURANCE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
           For the rest of the questions in the interview, please
           include everyone in your household who has independent
           finances, not just the ones listed at the bottom of the
           card.
           HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS WITH INDEPENDENT FINANCES
           RELATIONSHIP    SEX      AGE   MARITAL


X6301      Are you or anyone in your family living here, including
           household members with independent finances, currently
           eligible to receive benefits from any government health
           insurance program, such as Medicare, Medicaid, or CHAMPUS,
           VA, or other military programs?

           Are you or anyone in your family living here currently
           eligible to receive benefits from any government health
           insurance program, such as Medicare, Medicaid, or CHAMPUS,
           VA, or other military programs?

           Are you currently eligible to receive benefits from any
           government health insurance programs, such as Medicare,
           Medicaid, or CHAMPUS, VA, or other military programs?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


           Which program is that? (Anything else?) (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.)

           INTERVIEWER: ONLY PERSONS 65 0R OLDER SHOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR
           MEDICARE. ONLY POOR PERSONS SHOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICAID.
           CHAMPUS IS FOR ACTIVE MILITARY.

X6302      Medicare

X6303      Medicaid

X6304      VA

X7399      Champus

X6305      Other

            1.  Checked (only for X6302, X6303, X6304, and X7399)
            5.  Not checked
            6.  Women, Infants, and Children (WIC), other federal
                welfare (X6305 only)
            7.  Other federal government plans (X6305 only)
            8.  Other local government plans (X6305 only)
           -7.  Other (X6305 only)
            0.  Inap. (no government insurance: X6301^=1)

           NOTE: This does not include civil service health plans,
           which are treated as private plans.


X6306      Is everyone living here covered by this program?

           Is everyone living here covered by one of these programs?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no government insurance: X6301^=1)


           Who is not covered?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)

X6308      Head

X6309      Spouse/partner

X6310      Child(ren) under 18

X6311      Child(ren) 18 and Over

X6312      Father (In-Law)

X6313      Mother (In-Law)

X6314      Other

            1.  Checked (only for X6308, X6309, X6310, X6311, X6312,
                and X6313)
            2.  Grandchild (X6314 only)
            5.  Not checked
            8.  Other relative living there (X6314 only)
            9.  Paid help (X6314 only)
           10.  Other unrelated person living there (X6314 only)
           -7.  Other (X6314 only)
            0.  Inap. (no government insurance: X6301^=1; everyone
                covered by government plan: X6306=1)


X6315      Are you or anyone covered by any (other) type of health
           coverage such as employer or union plans, or Blue
           Cross-Blue Shield, a Health Maintenance Organization (HMO),
           a Medigap plan, or some other health insurance?

           Are you covered by any other type of health coverage such
           as employer or union plans, or Blue Cross-Blue Shield, a
           Health Maintenance Organization (HMO), a Medigap plan, or
           some other health insurance?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO


           Is this coverage obtained through your employer, former
           employer, or union, your (spouse/partner)'s employer,
           former employer, or union, through direct payments to an
           insurance company, AARP, or somewhere else?

           Is this coverage obtained through your employer, former
           employer, or union, through direct payments to an insurance
           company, AARP, or somewhere else?

           Is this coverage obtained through your employer or former
           employer, a union, through direct payments to an insurance
           company, AARP, or what?

X6316      HEAD'S EMPLOYER

X6317      HEAD'S FORMER EMPLOYER

X6318      R'S UNION

X6319      SPOUSE/PARTNER'S EMPLOYER

X6320      SPOUSE/PARTNER'S FORMER EMPLOYER

X6321      SPOUSE/PARTNER'S UNION

X6322      DIRECTLY FROM INSURANCE CO.

X7767      AARP

X6323      OTHER

            1.  Checked (only for X6316-X6322 and X7767)
            5.  Not checked
            6.  School (X6323 only)
           11.  Another person in HU (X6323 only)
           12.  Employer of another person in HU (X6323 only)
           13.  Another person outside of HU (incl. ex-spouse) (X6323 only)
           14.  Employer of person outside of HU (X6323 only)
            0.  Inap. (no private insurance: X6315^=1)

           NOTE: The point is who gives access.  If R pays part and
           employer pays part, the answer is Employer since it is the
           employer who provides the option. 


           How is this coverage paid for - by you, by an employer, by
           you and an employer, by a relative, or what?

           How is this coverage paid for - by you, by an employer, by
           you and an employer, by a relative, or what?

X6324      Someone in the primary economic unit

X6325      Employer

X6326      Relative

X6327      Former employer

X6328      Other

            1.  Checked (only for X6324-X6327)
            5.  Not checked
            6.  Employer of someone else in HH other than R/Spouse
                (X6328 only)
            7.  Employer of person outside HH, incl. relatives/
                ex-spouse (X6328 only)
            8.  Ex-spouse (X6328 only)
            9.  Government (X6328 only)
            0.  Inap. (no private insurance: X6315^=1)


X7666      How much do you pay for this insurance?

           How much do you and your other household members pay for
           this insurance?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no private insurance: X6315^=1; insurance not
                paid for by anyone in PEU: X6324^=1)

X7667      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
           And is that weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly, or what?

           Code frequency
            1.  Day
            2.  Week
            3.  Biweekly
            4.  Month
            5.  Quarter
            6.  Year
            8.  In total
           11.  Twice per year
           12.  Bimonthly
           22.  Varies
           29.  Per visit
           -7.  Other
            0.  Inap. (no private insurance: X6315^=1; insurance not
                for by anyone in PEU: X6324^=1)


X6329      Is everyone in your household covered by at least one of
           these private health programs?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no private insurance: X6315^=1)
                

           Who is not  covered (including those with independent finances)?
           (Anyone else?)
           (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)

X6330      Head

X6331      Spouse/partner

X6332      Child(ren) under 18

X6333      Child(ren) 18 and Over

X6334      Father (incl. In-Law)

X6335      Mother (incl. In-Law)

X6336      Other

            1.  Checked (only for X6330, X6331, X6332, X6333, X6334,
                and X6335)
            2.  Other adult relative(s) (X6336 only)
            5.  Not checked
            8.  Other relative living there (X6336 only)
            9.  Paid help (X6336 only)
           10.  Other unrelated person living there (X6336 only)
           -7.  Other (X6336 only)
            0.  Inap. (no private insurance: X6315^=1; everyone covered:
                X6329=1)


X7397      Is everyone in your family covered by some type of public
           or private health insurance?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  (no government or no private coverage: X6301^=1 or
                X6315^=1; everyone covered: X6306=1 or X6329=1)
            NOTE: Due to a CAPI error for cases that had only
            private health insurance (X6315=1), respondents reporting
            at X6329 that not everyone was covered by the plan were
            also asked X7397.  When the answer to this question was
            NO, the value was edited to zero (inapplicable).  However,
            a number of cases answered this question YES; examination
            of the data suggested that these respondents may have
            answered X6329 taking into account only a subgroup of
            people in the household, and that everyone may have been
            covered by some type of plan.  Because there is no certain
            resolution of this point, this inconsistency between X6329
            and X7397 is retained in the final data.


X6337      This is a list of reasons why some people don't have health
           insurance.  Which number best describes why (you/some
           members of your family living here) are not covered?
           INTERVIEWER:  SHOW CARD 17

           Code reason
            1.  Too expensive, can't afford health insurance
            2.  Can't get health insurance because of poor health,
                age, or illness
            3.  Don't believe in health insurance
            4.  Not much sickness in the family - we haven't needed
                health insurance
            5.  Dissatisfied with previous insurance
            6.  Job layoff or job loss
            7.  Everyone covered by some health insurance
            11. Not covered on job yet, but will be soon; negotiating now
            12. Too old for parental coverage
            13. Haven't gotten around to it
            14. Lost public assistance
            15. Not eligible
            95. Those without private insurance are already covered
                by Medicare/Medicaid
           -7.  Other
            0.  (everyone covered: X6306=1 or X6329=1 or X7397=1)

           NOTE: CARD 17 contains the following text in a vertical
           column: "Too expensive, can't afford health insurance," "
           Can't get insurance because of poor health, age, or
           illness," "Don't believe in health insurance," "Not much
           sickness in the family; we haven't needed insurance,"
           "Dissatisfied with previous insurance," "Job  layoff or job
           loss," "Some other reason."


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME, ASSETS AND DEBTS OF HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS OUTSIDE THE PRIMARY
ECONOMIC UNIT
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X6402      I'd like to ask some questions just about the other adults
           18 and over who live with you (and your family) but have
           independent finances.

           I'd like to ask some questions just about the other adult
           18 and over who lives with you (and your family) but has
           independent finances.

           Does he receive any income from wages or salaries?

           Does she receive any income from wages or salaries?

           Do they receive any income from wages or salaries?

           Do any of these other adults receive income from wages or
           salaries?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5)


X6403      Roughly how much total income did he have from wages and
           salaries in 1994 before taxes and deductions?

           Roughly how much total income did she have from wages and
           salaries in 1994 before taxes and deductions?

           Roughly how much total income did they have from wages and
           salaries in 1994 before taxes and deductions?

           Roughly how much total income did they have from wages and
           salaries in 1994 before taxes and deductions?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no wages: X6402^=1)


X6404      Did you include this amount in the income you told me about
           earlier in this interview?

           (Where did you tell me about this income?)

            3.  YES, amount edited out earlier
            4.  YES, but no apparent match in the data: nothing changed
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no wages: X6402^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X6405      Does he receive income from any other sources (such as
           social security, a pension, disability payments, public
           assistance, or income from a business or other assets)?

           Does she receive income from any other sources (such as
           social security, a pension, disability payments, public
           assistance, or income from a business or other assets)?

           Do they receive income from any other sources (such as
           social security, a pension, disability payments, public
           assistance, or income from a business or other assets)?

           Do they receive income from any other sources (such as
           social security, a pension, disability payments, public
           assistance, or income from a business or other assets)?
            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5)


           What other sources of income does he have?

           What other sources of income does she have?

           What other sources of income do they have?

           What other sources of income do they have?

X6406      Social Security

X6407      Pensions

X6408      Disability

X6409      Public Assistance

X6410      Interest Income

X6411      Dividends

X6412      Business

X6413      Real Estate

X6414      Other

            1.  Checked (only for X6406-X6413)
            5.  Not checked
           10.  Unemployment compensation (X6414 only)
           11.  Private transfers, including alimony and support
                (X6414 only)
           12.  Other government transfers; miscellaneous Alaskan
                funds (X6414 only)
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no other income: X6405^=1)


X6415      Roughly how much total income did he have from 

           Roughly how much total income did she have from 

           Roughly how much total income did they have from 

           Roughly how much total income did they have from 

           all these sources in 1994 before taxes and deductions?

           all this source in 1994 before taxes and deductions?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no other income: X6405^=1)


X6416      Did you include this amount in the income you told me about
           earlier in this interview?

           (Where did you tell me about this income?)

            3.  YES, amount edited out earlier
            4.  YES, but no apparent match in the data: nothing changed
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no other income: X6405^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************



X6417      Does he have any cars or other vehicles?

           Does she have any cars or other vehicles?

           Do they have any cars or other vehicles?

           Do any of them have any cars or other vehicles?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5)


X6418      Roughly how much (is this/are these) vehicle(s) worth now?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no vehicles: X6417^=1)


X6419      Did you include (this/these) vehicle(s) in the ones you
           told me about earlier in this interview?

           (Where did you tell me about this/these vehicles?)

            3.  YES, amount edited out earlier
            4.  YES, but no apparent match in the data: nothing changed
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no vehicles: X6417^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X6420      Does he have any bank accounts, savings accounts, or
           savings bonds?

           Does she have any bank accounts, savings accounts, or
           savings bonds?

           Do they have any bank accounts, savings accounts, or
           savings bonds?

           Do they have any bank accounts, savings accounts, or
           savings bonds?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5)


X6421      Roughly how much in total does he have in bank accounts,
           savings accounts, or savings bonds?

           Roughly how much in total does she have in bank accounts, 
           savings accounts, or savings bonds?

           Roughly how much in total do they have in bank accounts, 
           savings accounts, or savings bonds?

           Roughly how much in total do they have in bank accounts, 
           savings accounts, or savings bonds?

            Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no bank accounts: X6420^=1)


X6422      Did you include this amount when you told me about these
           items earlier in this interview?

           (Where did you tell me about this/these items?)

            3.  YES, amount edited out earlier
            4.  YES, but no apparent match in the data: nothing changed
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no bank accounts: X6420^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X6423      Does he have any other assets (such as stocks, bonds, a
           business, or any properties, including any part of the
           [house/apartment] you live in)?

           Does she have any other assets (such as stocks, bonds, a
           business, or any properties, including any part of the
           [house/apartment] you live in)?

           Do they have any other assets (such as stocks, bonds, a
           business, or any properties, including any part of the
           [house/apartment] you live in)?

           Do they have any other assets (such as stocks, bonds, a
           business, or any properties, including any part of the
           [house/apartment] you live in)?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5)


           What other kinds of assets does he have?

           What other kinds of assets does she have?

           What other kinds of assets do they have?

           What other kinds of assets do they have?

X6424      R's Home

X6425      Stocks

X6426      Bonds

X6427      Mutual Funds

X6428      Money Market Funds

X6429      Business

X6430      Other Real Estate

X6431      Other

            1.  Checked (only for X6424-X6430)
            5.  Not checked
            9.  Life insurance (X6431 only)
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no other assets: X6423^=1)

           NOTE: CARD 18 was available to the interviewer.  This card
           contains the following text arranged in a vertical column:
           "Your home," "Stocks," "Bonds," "Mutual Funds," "Money
           market funds," "Business," "Other real estate," "Other kind
           of asset."


X6432      Roughly how much in total does he have in (ASSET TYPES)?

           Roughly how much in total does she have in (ASSET TYPES)?

           Roughly how much in total do they have in (ASSET TYPES)?

           Roughly how much in total do they have in (ASSET TYPES)?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no other assets: X6423^=1)


X6433      Did you include this amount in the assets you told me about
           earlier in this interview?

           (Where did you tell me about (ASSET TYPES)?)

            3.  YES, amount edited out earlier
            4.  YES, but no apparent match in the data: nothing changed
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no other assets: X6423^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X6435      What share of this home does he own?

           What share of this home does she own?

           What share of this home do they own?

           What share of this home do they own?

           Code percent * 100
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                does not own part of R's home: X6424^=1)


X6436      What is the present value of this home?  I mean, about what
           would it bring if it were sold today?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                does not own part of R's home: X6424^=1)


X6437      What is the amount still owed on all the mortgages, land
           contracts, and loans on the home?

           Code amount
           -1.  Nothing
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                does not own part of R's home: X6424^=1)


X6438      Not including any debts he owes you or your
           (spouse/partner), does he have any debts?

           Not including any debts he owes you, does he have any
           debts?

           Not including any debts she owes you or your
           (spouse/partner), does she have any debts?

           Not including any debts she owes you, does she have any
           debts?

           Not including any debts they owe you or your
           (spouse/partner), do they have any debts?

           Not including any debts they owe you, do they have any
           debts?

           Not including any debts they owe you or your
           (spouse/partner), do they have any debts?

           Not including any debts they owe you, do they have any
           debts?

            1.  YES
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5)


X6439      Roughly how much in total are these debts?

           Code amount
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no non-mortgage debts: X6438^=1)


X6440      Did you include these debts when you told me about the
           household debts earlier in this interview?

           (Where did you tell me about these debts?)

            3.  YES, amount edited out earlier
            4.  YES, but no apparent match in the data: nothing changed
            5.  NO
            0.  Inap. (no HH members outside the primary economic
                unit: X113^=5 and X119^=5 and X125^=5 and X131^=5 and
                X137^=5 and X207^=5 and X213^=5 and X219^=5 and X225^=5;
                no non-mortgage debts: X6438^=1)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
WRAPUP QUESTIONS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Earlier you told me about a pension or retirement plan you
            are included in through your current job.  Because
            pensions are an important part of this study and there are
            many legal details of plans very few people know, we would
            like to contract the organization that provides your
            pension to obtain a legal description of your plan(s).
            Your name and the fact that you did this interview will
            not be mentioned.  What is the name and address of the
            organization that provides your pension?

            Earlier you told me about a pension or retirement plan your
            (spouse/partner) is included in through (his/her) current job.

            Because pensions are an important part of this study and
            few people know all the legal details of their plans, we
            would like to contact the organization that provides your
            pension to obtain a legal

            description of his plan(s).  His name and the fact that you
            did this interview will not be mentioned.

            description of her plan(s).  Her name and the fact that you
            did this interview will not be mentioned.

            What is the name and address of the organization that provides 
            (his/her) pension?


            That finishes the actual interview.  Is there anything you
            would like to add to any of the subjects we've discussed?


            INTERVIEWER:  DO CASE VALIDATION NOW WHILE THE CASE IS FILING.
            PLEASE THANK THE RESPONDENT!


X7398      TIMESTAMP

            Code length of interview in seconds


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
BANK MARKET STRUCTURE VARIABLES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

           The following variables relate to the structure of the
           banking markets in which the respondent lives.  These
           variables come from files maintained by the Financial
           Structure Section.  This information is matched to the
           survey data at the level of the MSA where possible, or at
           the county level otherwise.


X8460      Geographic linkage variable used in FRB bank structure
           data: values less than 1000 are MSA, and other values are
           10,000*(state FIPS code)+(county FIPS code).
           *********************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           *********************************************************


X8461      Percentage market share of the four largest commercial
           banks in the MSA or county where the respondent
           lives. (CM_CR4 in FRB bank structure data: maximum
           value=100)
           *********************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           *********************************************************


X8462      Percentage market share of the four largest commercial
           banks, thrifts and credit unions in the MSA or county
           where the respondent lives. (CR4_ALL in FRB bank structure
           data: maximum value=100)


X8463      Herfindahl index (sum of squared percentage market shares
           of commercial banks in the MSA or county where the
           respondent lives. (100*CM_HERF in FRB bank structure data:
           maximum value=100)
           *********************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           *********************************************************


X8464      Herfindahl index (sum of squared percentage market shares
           of commercial banks, thrifts and credit unions in the MSA
           or county where the respondent lives. (100*HERF_ALL in FRB
           bank structure data: maximum value=100)
           *********************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           *********************************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
INTERVIEWER REMARKS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: The data in this section were obtained in two ways.  First, some
of the data derive from the "household enumeration folder" (HEF) a
largely administrative paper document used by interviewers to select
the designated respondent, to update the area-probability sample, to
record recontact information, and to record information about
non-interviews.  Additional data were collected in the HEF on the
neighborhood in which the respondent lived and on characteristics of
the respondent.  Second, other variables (X6523, X6525, X6526, X6527,
X6528, X6529, X6530, X6531, X6532, X6533, X6534, X6535, X6536, X6724,
X6725, X6726, X6727, X6728, X6729, and X7504) were originally recorded
in "Section ZZ," a separate CAPI program used by interviewers after
the main interview to record the varibles along with other information
about the interview that might be relevant to the data editing.
Not all of the variables collected are described in this section;
only variables similar to those reported in earlier SCFs are included
here.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
X6504       TYPE OF STRUCTURE IN WHICH R LIVES: (CODE THE FIRST THAT
            APPLIES)

             0.  Did not see R's home
             1.  Trailer, mobile home
             2.  Detached single-family home
             3.  Building with 2-9 units
             4.  Building with 10-49 units
             5.  Building with 50 or more units
             6.  Apartment in mostly commercial structure
             8.  Apartment above garage/barn/basement apt.
             9.  Attached single-family home (rowhouse, townhouse)
            10.  Seasonal dwelling
            11.  No HU at this address (business, church, barn, shed,
                 shelter)
            12.  No structure at this address (demolished, vacant
                 lot/site)
            13.  Farm
            14.  Ethnic dwelling (American Indian hogram, Middle
                 Eastern hosani)
            15.  Boat/houseboat/yacht
            -7.  Other
            *************************************************************
               FOR THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 5 IS INCLUDED WITH 4; CODE
               8 IS INCLUDED WITH 6; AND CODES 11, 12, 14, AND 15 ARE
               INCLUDED WITH -7.
            *************************************************************


X6521       CONDITION OF STRUCTURE IN WHICH R LIVES

             1.  Generally clean and sound
             2.  Some peeling paint or cracks in walls
             3.  Needs substantial painting, refilling, or repair
             4.  Dilapidated
             0.  Inap. (Interview not conducted in R's home)


X6520       HOUSING STRUCTURES ON (BLOCK/AREA) ARE:

             1.  0-20 feet apart
             2.  21-100 feet apart
             3.  Over 100 feet apart
             0.  Inap. (Interview not conducted in R's home)


            THE AREA AROUND R'S HU IS:  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)

X50079      HEFNO6: OPEN LAND/FARMS/RANCHES (fairground, forest)
X50080      HEFNO6: TRAILER HOME/TRAILER PARK
X50081      HEFNO6: DETACHED SINGLE FAMILY HOMES
X50082      HEFNO6: ATTACHED SINGLE-FAMILY HOMES
X50083      HEFNO6: BUILDINGS WITH 2-9 UNITS
X50084      HEFNO6: BUILDINGS WITH 10-49 UNITS
X50085      HEFNO6: BUILDINGS WITH 50 OR MORE UNITS
X50086      HEFNO6: GOLF COURSE/COUNTRY CLUB/SKI RESORT
X50087      HEFNO6: PARK/POOL OR CEMETERY
X50088      HEFNO6: COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS
X50089      HEFNO6: VACANT BUILDINGS
X50090      HEFNO6: SCHOOL/COLLEGE OR OTHER GOV'T BUILDINGS
X50091      HEFNO6: OTHER (SPECIFY)


             1.  Yes
             2.  No
             3.  Religious building (church, synagogue) (X50091 only)
             4.  Community center (X50091 only)
             5.  Body of water (lake, ocean, river) (X50091 only)
             6.  Freeway/highway/airport (X50091 only)
             7.  American Indian reservation (X50091 only)
             8.  Rail line (X50091 only)
             9.  Vacation homes (X50091 only)
            10.  Parking lot (X50091 only)
            11.  Museum (X50091 only)
            12.  Stadium/sports arena/convention center (X50091 only)
             0.  Inap. (Interview not conducted in R's home)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


X6519       BUILDINGS IN THE IMMEDIATE NEIGHBORHOOD ARE:

             1.  All residential
             2.  Mostly residential
             3.  About equally residential nad nonresidential
             4.  None in view
             0.  Inap. (Interview not conducted in R's home)


X6522       GENERAL CONDITION OF THE EXTERIOR OF BUILDINGS
            AROUND R'S DWELLING LOOKS:

             1.  Better than R's
             2.  As good as R's
             3.  Worse than R's
             4.  No other buildings in view
             0.  Inap. (Interview not conducted in R's home)


X6524       NEIGHBORHOOD RESIDENTS SEEM TO BE:

             1.  All or almost all black/African-American
             2.  All or almost all Hispanic
             3.  All or almost all non-Hispanic white
             4.  Mixed black/African-American and Hispanic
             5.  Mixed black/African-American and non-Hispanic white
             6.  Mixed Hispanic and non-Hispanic white
             7.  Mixed black/African-American, Hispanic and
                 non-Hispanic white
             8.  Other mixed neighborhood
             0.  Inap. (Interview not conducted in R's home)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


X50095      GENERALLY, THE AREA AROUND THE R'S HU APPEARS TO BE:

             1.  Wealthy
             2.  Poor
             3.  Other
             0.  Inap. (Interview not conducted in R's home)
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


X6523      Please rate the physical condition of the interior of the HU:

            1.  EXCELLENT. WALLS AND CEILINGS HAVE NO CRACKS. PAINT OR
                PANELLING IN GOOD CONDITION
            2.  GOOD. NEEDS SOME MINOR PAINTING OR REFINISHING.
            3.  FAIR. NEEDS MAJOR INTERIOR WORK. HOLES AND/OR CRACKS
                NEED PATCHING. PAINTING NEEDED. ETC.
            4.  POOR. SOME WALLS OR CEILINGS NEED REPLACEMENT.
            5.  DON'T KNOW--WASN'T INSIDE HOUSE.


X6525      R's understanding of the questions was...

            1.  EXCELLENT
            2.  GOOD
            3.  FAIR
            4.  POOR


X6526      R's ability to express himself/herself was...

            1.  EXCELLENT
            2.  GOOD
            3.  FAIR
            4.  POOR


X6527      Was R suspicious about the study before the interview?

            1.  NO, NOT AT ALL SUSPICIOUS
            2.  YES, SOMEWHAT SUSPICIOUS
            5.  YES, VERY SUSPICIOUS


X6528      Was R suspicious about the study after the interview?

            1.  NO, NOT AT ALL SUSPICIOUS
            2.  YES, SOMEWHAT SUSPICIOUS
            5.  YES, VERY SUSPICIOUS


X6529      Overall, how great was R's interest in the interview?

            1.  VERY HIGH
            2.  ABOVE AVERAGE
            3.  AVERAGE
            4.  BELOW AVERAGE
            5.  VERY LOW


           Other persons present at the interview: (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)

X6530      CHILDREN UNDER AGE 6

X6531      CHILDREN 6 AND OVER

X6532      SPOUSE/PARTNER

X6533      OTHER RELATIVES

X6534      OTHER ADULTS

X6535      NO ONE

            1.  Checked
            5.  Not checked


X6536      Did R refer to documents to answer questions?

            1.  FREQUENTLY
            2.  SOMETIMES
            3.  RARELY
            4.  NEVER


X6724 X6725 X6726 X6727 X6728 X6729
           Which documents did R refer to? (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)

            1.  INCOME TAX RETURNS
            2.  PENSION DOCUMENTS
            3.  ACCOUNT STATEMENTS
            4.  INVESTMENT/BUSINESS RECORDS
            5.  LOAN DOCUMENTS
            7.  CREDIT CARDS/CREDIT CARD STATEMENTS
            8.  CHECK BOOK/CHECK REGISTRY
            9.  INCOME/PAYCHECK STUB/OTHER INCOME RECORDS
           10.  COMPUTER/PC/LAPTOP
           11.  HANDWRITTEN LEGERS/PAPERS/NOTES
           12.  HEALTH INSURANCE/LIFE INSURANCE
           13.  TAX BILLS
           14.  SECRETARY/ACCOUNTANT/FINANCIAL ADVISOR
           15.  RENT RECEIPT/APARTMENT AGREEMENTS
           19.  MANY, NEC
           20.  REAL ESTATE RECORDS
           21.  SOCIAL SECURITY CHECKS/STATEMENT
           22.  VEHICLE LEASE
           23.  EMPLOYMENT RECORDS/EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK
           24.  PHONE BOOK
           25.  INHERITANCE PAPERS
           -7.  OTHER
           .D.  DON'T KNOW
           .N.  NOT CODEABLE
            0.  Inap. (did not refer to any documents: X6536=4)
           *********************************************************
              IN THE PUBLIC DATASET, CODE 25 IS INCLUDED WITH -7.
           *********************************************************


X7504      In what language was the survey conducted?

            1.  ENGLISH
            2.  SPANISH
           ************************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ************************************************


           Other than inheritances, do you believe that the R reported
           the same asset or debt more than once in the interview?

           Which assets and/or debts are these?


           Do you believe that any important assets or debts were not
           collected in the interview?

           Which assets and/or debts are these?


           Do you believe there are any important consistency problems
           with this interview?

           What are these problems?


           Is there anything about this case that would be helpful in
           resolving problems with this case, or anything else you
           believe we need to know?

           Please specify.


           INTERVIEWER: THANK YOU FOR COMPLETING ANOTHER INTERVIEW AND
           THIS IMPORTANT BACKGROUND INFORMATION. YOUR CARE AND
           ATTENTION ARE ESSENTIAL TO THE SUCCESS OF THIS PROJECT.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

END OF QUESTION DEFINITIONS

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

SAMPLE DESIGN VARIABLES - NOT INCLUDED ON PUBLIC DATASET

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

ZZ1        Internal ID including postcard refusals etc.
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30007     SEQID for the 1993 SOI file.
           ONLY AVAILABLE IN LOCKED LINK FILE
           NOT TO BE INCLUDED ON ***ANY*** ROUTINE USE FILE!

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X2         Interviewer ID Number.

           999999. Case not assigned (list sample cases for which
                   postcard returned indicating desire not to be
                   interviewed; stratum 8 cases)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X4         Day case logged in.

           1-31
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X3         Month case logged in.

            1. January
            2. February
               Non-interviews cases logged in January and February 1996

            5. May
               A mixture of returned postcard refusals for list cases
               and a failure of the date stamp for early returns-->
               fix the latter using the HEF data!!!!!               

            7. July
            8. August
            9. September
           10. October
           11. November
           12. December
           NOTE: The official field period for the survey was between
           July and December of 1995.
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X8095      Year case logged in
           1995.
           1996.
           NOTE: values of 1996 for completed cases reflects one of
           two factors: (1) Some completed cases were left on the laptop
           computers when interviewers returned them to the central
           office, and the computer date on some of these cases may be
           in 1996 even though the data were collected in 1995.  (2)
           Other errors.
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X9         List sample indicator.

           1.  List sample case
           5.  Not list sample case
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

X30006     Sample disposition code.

           COMPLETE CASES
            61 Completed Case (In Person)
            62 Completed Case (Telephone)
            63 Complete, not otherwise classified
            65 Converted Case (In Person)
            66 Converted Case (Telephone)
            67 Accepted Partial Complete
            68 Complete (In Person/Telephone)
            69 Converted (In Person/Telephone)

           INELIGIBLE CASES
            71 Vacant HU
            72 Not an HU
            73 Seasonal HU
            75 Vacant Trailer Space
            76 Sample Incorrect
            77 No Eligible Respondent
            81 R Deceased (list sample only)
            84 R Moved Out of Range (list sample only)
            86 R Institutionalized (list sample only)

           OTHER NON-INTERVIEWS
            80 Refusal/Postcard Returned (list sample only)
            74 No Contact
            82 Unable to Locate
            83 Unavailable During Field Period
            88 Closed Domain
            90 Language Barrier
            91 Refusal by Gatekeeper
            92 Refusal/Break-Off/Too Long
            93 Refusal/Break-Off/Too Invasive-Personal
            94 Refusal Government Involvement
            95 Incompetent/Ill/Handicapped
            96 HEF Completed/Quex Refusal
            97 NIR, not otherwise classified

           101 List case deleted in sample review for cases that might
               be too easily identifiable in the data
           102 Stratum 8 list cases deleted from the sample

           997 Case did not validate, not redone
           998 Technically complete case, but interview done with
               wrong person (most of these were removed before the
               shipment of the final control file and main data)
           999 Technically complete case, but nearly all data missing.
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30001     PSU number

           SELF-REPRESENTING PSU
             1  New York CMSA                                 
             2  Los Angeles CMSA                   
             3  Chicago CMSA                       
             4  San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose     
             5  Philadelphia CMSA                  
             6  Detroit CMSA                       
             7  Dallas-Ft. Worth CMSA              
             8  Washington DC MSA                  
             9  Houston CMSA                       
            10  Boston NECMA                       
            11  Atlanta MSA                        
            12  Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater    
            13  St. Louis MSA                      
            14  Minneapolis-St. Paul MSA           
            15  Phoenix MSA                        
            16  San Diego, CA MSA                  
            17  Baltimore MSA                      
            18  Pittsburgh PMSA                    
            19  Seattle PMSA                       

           NON-SELF-REPRESENTING PSU
            20  Burlington, VT NECMA               
            21  Worcester, MA NECMA         
            22  New Haven, CT NECMA         
            23  Buffalo PMSA                
            24  Rochester, NY MSA           
            25  Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton  
            26  Syracuse, NY MSA            
            27  York, PA MSA                
            28  Eau Claire, WI MSA          
            29  Evansville, IN MSA          
            30  Jackson, MI MSA             
            31  Ft. Wayne, IN MSA           
            32  Indianapolis, IN MSA        
            33  Cleveland, OH MSA           
            34  Cincinnati, OH MSA          
            35  Columbus, OH MSA            
            36  Lansing, MI MSA             
            37  Saginaw-Bay City MSA        
            38  Kansas City MSA             
            39  Rapid City, SD MSA          
            40  Springfield, MO MSA         
            41  Hickory-Morganton, NC MSA   
            42  Ft. Myers-Cape Coral MSA    
            43  West Palm Beach-Boca Raton  
            44  Charlotte-Gastonia MSA      
            45  Wilmington, NC MSA            
            46  Lynchburg, VA MSA             
            47  Richmond-Petersburg, VA MSA   
            48  Ft. Lauderdale, FL PMSA       
            49  Miami, FL PMSA                
            50  Norfolk-Virginia Beach-Newport
            51  Charleston, SC MSA            
            52  Memphis, TN MSA               
            53  Birmingham, AL MSA            
            54  Nashville, TN  MSA            
            55  Knoxville, TN MSA             
            56  Enid, OK MSA                  
            57  Oklahoma City, OK MSA         
            58  Waco, TX MSA                  
            59  Austin, TX MSA                
            60  New Orleans, LA MSA           
            61  Corpus Christi, TX MSA        
            62  Pueblo, CO MSA                
            63  Denver, CO MSA                
            64  Tucson, AZ MSA                
            65  Boulder, CO PMSA              
            66  Bellingham, WA MSA            
            67  Tacoma, WA                    
            68  Modesto, CA MSA               
            69  Santa Barbara, CA MSA         

            70  Windham Co., CT               
            71  Franklin Co., NY              
            72  Franklin Co., PA              
            73  Windham Co., VT               
            74  Lee Co., IL                   
            75  Lawrence Co., IN              
            76  Riley Co., KS                 
            77  Allegan Co., MI               
            78  Crow Wing Co., MN             
            79  Barry Co., MO                 
            80  Burke Co., ND                 
            81  Sandusky Co., OH              
            82  Waushara Co., WI              
            83  Choctaw Co., AL               
            84  Sussex Co., DE                
            85  Floyd Co., GA                 
            86  Cumberland Co., KY            
            87  St. Landry Parish, LA         
            88  Copiah Co., MS                
            89  Iredell Co., NC               
            90  Edgecombe Co., NC                
            91  Horry County, SC                 
            92  Greene County, TN                
            93  Chambers Co., TX                 
            94  Hopkins Co., TX                  
            95  Caroline Co., VA                 
            96  Coconino Co., AZ                 
            97  Mesa County, CO                  
            98  Richland Co., MT                 
            99  Wasco County, OR                 
           100  Anchorage MSA                    
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X30055     PSU name (character variable)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30029     State where respondent's residence is located.
           Standard two-character code
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30030     State where (population center of) PSU is located.
           Standard two-character code
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30045     State-County (FIPS) code
           NOTE: this variable is stored as numeric, and all variables
           are implicitly 5 digits wide: thus, a value of 1001 is
           implicitly 01001.
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30041     Metro indicator for PSU

           1 Self-representing PSU
           2 Other MSA/NECMA
           3 Non-MSA
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30021     Area probability segment number

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30040     Census tract number

           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30052     Census block code

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30054     5-digit ZIP code
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************



X30056     Number of segments in PSU

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30042     Number of lines listed in PSU

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30049     Lines listed for AP sample within segment.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30043     Lines in PSU expected from 1990 Census

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30050     Lines expected in segment from 1990 Census.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30044     Number of missed HUs in PSU

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30051     Number of missed HUs in segment.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30002     Number of sample cases in PSU.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30003     Number of ineligible cases in PSU.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30004     Number of completed cases in PSU.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30053     Lines listed in block.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30067     Indicator of cases added to the sample.

           1. Missed AP HU
           2. Case part of AP replicates added during field period
           3. Spouse of a divorced list sample case
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30064     Number of missed HUs found at address.  The variable is
           associated with both the original address and the addresses
           actually added to the sample.  A maximum of 3 misssed
           addresses were added.  In one instance, 33 additional HUs
           were found, but only 3 cases were added.

           0.  Inap. (not a missed AP HU; not an AP case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30065     Number of missed HUs added to the sample.  This variable
           has the same value as X30064 except for one value.  As
           noted in the definition of X30064, 33 missed HUs were
           discovered, but only 3 of these were added to the sample.
           This variable is associated with both the original address
           and the addresses added to the sample.

           0.  Inap. (not a missed AP HU; not an AP case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30033     PSU selection probability.
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30015     Original EPSEM weight for AP cases.
           Total Census households (102263678) divided by (the total
           number of AP lines originally selected (4466) + the total
           number of lines from added sample replicates (232)).

           For all AP cases.  Sums to 1990 population.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30005     Design-based nonresponse-adjusted area-probability weight.
           X30015*(X30002-X30003)/X30004.

           0. Inap. (not an area-probability sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30068    Nonresponse and growth-adjusted area-probability weight.
          X30015*(sample cases in segment/completes in segment)*(lines
          in segment/1990 census lines in segment)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30025     Paired PSUs (segments for self-representing PSUs) for
           variance estimation: a 3-digit variable that identifies
           pseudo-strata combinations by pairing segments in the
           self-representing PSUs and PSUs in the non-self-representing
           areas.  (X30076 is given in parentheses.)
     
           SELF-REPRESENTING PSUs

             11  New York CMSA (1)
             12  New York CMSA (1)

             21  Los Angeles CMSA (2)
             22  Los Angeles CMSA (2)

             31  Chicago CMSA (3)
             32  Chicago CMSA (3)

             41  San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose (4)
             42  San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose (4)

             51  Philadelphia CMSA (5)
             52  Philadelphia CMSA (5)

             61  Detroit CMSA (6)
             62  Detroit CMSA (6)

             71  Dallas-Ft. Worth CMSA (7)
             72  Dallas-Ft. Worth CMSA (7)

             81  Washington DC MSA (8)
             82  Washington DC MSA (8)

             91  Houston CMSA (9)
             92  Houston CMSA (9)

            101  Boston NECMA (10)
            102  Boston NECMA (10)

            111  Atlanta MSA (11)
            112  Atlanta MSA (11)

            121  Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater (12)
            122  Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater (12)

            131  St. Louis MSA (13)
            132  St. Louis MSA (13)

            141  Minneapolis-St. Paul MSA (14)
            142  Minneapolis-St. Paul MSA (14)

            151  Phoenix MSA (15)
            152  Phoenix MSA (15)

            161  San Diego, CA MSA (16)
            162  San Diego, CA MS (16)

            171  Baltimore MSA (17)
            172  Baltimore MSA (17)

            181  Pittsburgh PMSA (18)
            182  Pittsburgh PMSA (18)

            191  Seattle PMSA (19)
            192  Seattle PMSA (19)

           NON-SELF-REPRESENTING PSUs

            201  Burlington VT (20)
            202  Worcester MA (21)

            211  New Haven CT (22)
            212  Buffalo NY (23)

            221  Rochester NY (24)
            222  Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton PA (25)

            231  Syracuse NY (26)
            232  York PA (27)

            241  Eau Claire WI (28)
            242  Evansville IN, (29)

            251  Jackson MI (30)
            252  Ft. Wayne IN (31)

            261  Indianapolis IN (32)
            262  Cleveland OH (33)
            263  Kansas City MO (38)

            271  Cincinnati OH (34)
            272  Columbus OH (35)

            281  Lansing MI (36)
            282  Saginaw-Bay City MI (37)

            291  Rapid City SD (39)
            292  Springfield MO (40)

            301  Ft. Myers-Cape Coral FL (42)
            302  West Palm Beach-Boca Raton FL (43)

            311  Hickory-Morganton, NC (41)
            312  Charlotte-Gastonia NC (44)
            313  Wilmington NC (45)

            321  Lynchburg VA (46)
            322  Richmond-Petersburg VA (47)

            331  Ft. Lauderdale FL (48)
            332  Miami FL (49)

            341  Norfolk-Virginia Beach-Newport News VA (50)
            342  Charleston SC (51)

            351  Memphis TN (52)
            352  Birmingham AL (53)

            361  Nashville TN (54)
            362  Knoxville TN (55)

            371  Enid OK (56)
            372  Oklahoma City OK (57)

            381  Waco TX (58)
            382  Austin TX (59)

            391  New Orleans LA (60)
            392  Corpus Christi TX (61)

            401  Pueblo CO (62)
            402  Denver CO (63)

            411  Tucson AZ (64)
            412  Boulder CO (65)

            421  Bellingham WA (66)
            422  Tacoma WA (67)
            423  Anchorage AK (100) 

            431  Modesto CA (68)
            432  Santa Barbara CA (69)

            441  Windham Co. CT (70)
            442  Franklin Co. NY (71)

            451  Franklin Co. PA (72)
            452  Windham Co. VT (73)

            461  Lee Co. IL (74)
            462  Lawrence Co. IN (75)

            471  Riley Co. KS (76)
            472  Allegan Co. MI (77)

            481  Crow Wing Co. MN (78)
            482  Barry Co. MO (79)

            491  Burke Co. IN (80)
            492  Sandusky Co. OH (81)
            493  Waushara Co WI (82)

            501  Sussex Co. DE (84)
            502  Floyd Co. GA (85)

            511  Cumberland Co. KY (86)
            512  St. Landry Parish LA (87)

            521  Choctaw Co. AL (83)
            522  Copiah Co. MS (88)
            523  Iredell Co. NC (89)

            531  Edgecombe Co. NC (90)
            532  Horry Co. SC (91)

            541  Greene Co. TN (92)
            542  Chambers Co. TX (93)

            551  Hopkins Co. TX (94)
            552  Caroline Co. VA (95)

            561  Coconino Co. AZ (96)
            562  Mesa Co. CO (97)

            571  Richland Co. MT (98)
            572  Wasco Co. OR (99)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************
           

X30035     Wealth index estimated by grossing up income flows
           (1992-type wealth index).

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30037     Regression model based wealth index.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30038    Merged wealth index.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30039     Percentile of wealth index distribution in SOI file.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30009     List sample wealth-index stratum number.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30058     Divorced list case indicator.

           1.  Both of divorced pair interviewed
           2.  Only one of divorced pair interviewed
           0.  Inap. (not a divorced list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30059     Divorce-adjusted wealth index (grossed up income flow version): 
           If list case divorced: X30035/2,
           Otherwise: X30035.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30060     Divorce-adjusted regression model based wealth index: 
           If list case divorced: X30037/2,
           Otherwise: X30037.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30061     Divorce-adjusted merged wealth index (average of "centered
           and rescaled" X30059 and X30060).

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30062     Percentile of divorce-adjusted wealth index distribution in
           SOI file.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30024     Divorce-adjusted wealth index stratum.  When joint filers
           had divorced since the sample was drawn, the capitalized income
           flows input to the original wealth index was divided in
           half and the stratum number was recomputed using the
           original classes.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30023     List sample financial income post-stratum, defined in terms
           of all interest and dividend income reported on page 1 of
           IRS Form 1040.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30063     Divorce-adjusted List sample financial income post-stratum,
           defined in terms of all interest income reported on page 1
           of IRS Form 1040.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30032     List sample type indicator

           1. Certainty case
           2. Main sample
           3. Supplemental sample
           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30073     Indicator of PSU that would be selected as
           self-representing if the measure of size were the number of
           units in stratum 5 or higher.

           1. Self representing
           0. Not self-representing; AP case
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30034     Smoothed PSU selection probability.
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30031     Original SOI weight for list sample cases

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30069     Population estimate of number of non-certainty cases in
           list sample stratum.

            0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30070     Number of non-certainty cases in list sample stratum.

            0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30071     Population estimate of number of all cases in list sample
           stratum.

            0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30072     Number of cases in list sample stratum.

            0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30008     List sample selection weight:
           For certainty cases=X30031/X30034
           For other cases=estimate of total non-certainty
             cases/number non-certainty sample cases

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


X30036     List weight at last stage of adjustment before merger with
           AP sample.

           0.  Inap. (not a list sample case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************

X30080     Cases that were subject to special disclosure adjustments.

           0.  Inap. (not a special disclosure case)
           ******************************************
               NOT INCLUDED IN THE PUBLIC DATASET
           ******************************************


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
AUTOQUEST (SURVEYCRAFT) PROGRAM FOR MAIN CAPI
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
L000                      G
L90                       209=REFUSED
L91                       210=DON'T KNOW
Q1UT           R10        CASEID
Q2UT            35        |[PgUp]=Back Up  [PgDn]=Return  [Ctrl End]=Suspend
Q3UT           N2    2    ELAPSED SECONDS - START
Q4UT            9         CURRENT MONTH
Q5UT            8         CURRENT YEAR
Q18B                      PREAMBLE
/     THIS STATEMENT MUST BE READ TO ALL RESPONDENTS:
/
/     This interview is completely voluntary and confidential.  If we should
/     come to any question you do not want to answer, let me know and we will
/     go on to the next question.  Feel free to consult any knowledgable
/     person or use any records and notes at any time during this interview.
/     Your answers will be kept confidential. 
/
/				   
/     HAND THE INSTITUTIONS CARD TO THE RESPONDENT.  ASK THE RESPONDENT 
/     TO LIST (IN FIRST COLUMN ON LEFT HAND SIDE OF CARD) ALL THE FINANCIAL
/     INSTITUTIONS WITH WHICH THE HOUSEHOLD CONDUCTS BUSINESS.  THEN HAVE 
/     THE RESPONDENT CHECK WHICH SERVICES HE/SHE/THEY USE AT EACH 
/     INSTITUTION LISTED.
/
/     THE PURPOSE OF DOING THIS IS TO HELP THE RESPONDENT BEGIN THINKING 
/     ABOUT HIS/HER FINANCES.
/
/                    ^B
C0                        PRESS [ENTER] TO CONTINUE
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN HH LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q6S                       BEGINNING.
C'<1/10(
J7    8                   6(1)=:1:
J7    8                   6(2)+23(1)=:3:
J7    8                   6(2)+20(2)+22(1)=:3:
J7    8                   6(2)+20(1)+22(1)=:2:
J7    8                   6(2)+20(1)+22(2)+23(2)=:2:
V                         B
Q7B                       HHL_A.RELATIONSHIP
/
/
/          What is the next person's relationship to you?
/^C2
/
/        ^B
/
C0
C1                        RESPONDENT
C2                        SPOUSE
C3                        PARTNER
C4                        CHILD
C5                        GRANDCHILD
C6                        PARENT
C7                        GRANDPARENT
C8                        AUNT/UNCLE
C9                        COUSIN
C10                       NIECE/NEPHEW
C11                       SISTER/BROTHER
C12                       GREAT GRANDCHILD
C13                       CHILD OF PARTNER
C29                       OTHER RELATIVE
C31                       ROOMMATE
C32                       FRIEND
C33                       RELATIVE OF PARTNER
C34                       BOARDER OR ROOMER/LODGER
C35                       PAID HELP
C36                       FOSTER CHILD
C39                       OTHER UNRELATED PERSON
G                         0
G                         1=6(1)
G                         2/3=6(2)+M6(1)+20(1/4)+26(NA)
G                         13,4,29,6,31,5,32,7,33,8,34,9,35,10,36,11,39,12
G                        E1/39
J8    7                  B7(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q8B                       HHL_B.SEX
/^C1
/
/
/~IF 6(1)
/    Before we start the interview, I need to list the people who live with
/    you to obtain some basic information about each one.  Let's start with
/    you.
/
/^C1
/    CODE SEX WITHOUT ASKING.  IF NECESSARY, SAY:  I am required to ask
/    your sex.
/~ELSE 7(2/3)
/             IF POSSIBLE, CODE WITHOUT ASKING.  IF NECESSARY, ASK:
/
/
/                      What is your ^7's sex?
/~ELSE 
/             IF POSSIBLE, CODE WITHOUT ASKING.  IF NECESSARY, ASK:
/
/
/                      What is that person's sex?
/~END
/
/                               ^B
C0
C1                        MALE
C2                        FEMALE
J9    8                  B8(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J9    10                  8(1)=:1:
J9    10                  8(2)=:2:
J9    10                  8(N1/2)=:3:
Q9B    
C1                        he
C2                        she
C3                        that person
J10   13                  6(G1)
Q10UB           2         BMO.BIRTH MONTH
/
/
/       What is your date of birth?  (USE [Shift][TAB] TO MOVE TO THE
/       LEFT).
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                         ^B     ^B   ^B
/                         MONTH  DAY  YEAR
V                         (1/12)
Q11UB           2         BDAY.BIRTH DAY
V                         (1/31)
Q12UB           4         BYR.BIRTH YEAR
V                         (1880/1994){NNNN}
****************
Q13UT           12   13   ASCII BIRTHDATE|11/10/12                    
Q14UT           26   13   AGE FROM DOB
J15   10                 B14(0)+10(NK2+NK3)=PLEASE CHECK DATE ENTERED!
J15   16                  13(A+0)
J15   16                  6(1)+10(K2.K3)
Q15B                      VERAGE.VERIFY AGE
/
/
/
/                    So, you are ^14 years old?
/
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        YES, CONTINUE
C2                        NO, FIX BIRTHDATE
C3                        NO, ENTER AGE
J16   10                 B15(2)=PLEASE CORRECT BIRTHDATE
J16   15                 B15(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J16   19                  6(1)+15(A+N2/3)=:/^14:
Q16UB           3         AGE.HOW OLD?
/
/
/
/~IF 6(1)
/                        How old are you?
/~ELSE 
/                        How old is ^9?
/
/~IF 7(4.5.10.12.13.29.33.36.39)
/                 (CODE LESS THAN ONE YEAR AS 1)
/~END
/~END
/
/
/                          AGE: ^B
V                         (1/100){Nnn}
J17   19                  16(GQ17)=:/^16:
J17   19                  16(LEQ17)=:/^17:
Q17U            
J19   20                  7(3)
J19   19   20             6(GE2)+16(K3)
Q19B                      OVER18.18 OR OVER?
/
/
/
/                            Is ^9 18 or older?
/
/                               ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
J20   19                 B19(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J20   21                  7(2).19(2)
J20   21                  16(1/17)+6(G1)
Q20B                      HHL1.MARITAL STATUS
/^C1
/
/~IF 6(1)
/     Are you currently married or living with a partner, separated,
/     divorced, widowed, or have you never been married?
/~ELSE
/~IF 7(3)
/     Is your partner currently married, separated, divorced, 
/     widowed, or has ^9 never been married?
/~ELSE
/     Is your ^7 currently married or living with a partner, 
/     separated, divorced, widowed, or has ^9 never been married?
/~END
/~END
/
/
/                          ^B
C0
C1                        MARRIED
C2                        LIVING WITH PARTNER
C3                        SEPARATED
C4                        DIVORCED
C5                        WIDOWED
C6                        NEVER MARRIED
G                         0/6=7(N3)
G                         0,1,3/6=7(3)
J21   20                 B20(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J21   22                  16(1/17).19(2)
J21   22                  6(1)=:1:
Q21B       19             HHL2.USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?
/^C1
/
/              Does ^9 usually live with you?
/
/                             ^B
J22   21                 B21(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J22   23                  6(G1)
J22   23                  6(1)+20(3/6.K2.K3)
J22   23                  6(1)+20(2)=:1:
Q22B       19             HHL2_1.SPOUSE/PARTNER LIVE WITH YOU NOW? 
/^C1
/
/~IF 6(1)+20(1)
/             Does your spouse live with you now?
/~ELSE 6(1)+20(2)
/             Does your partner live with you now?
/~END
/
/                             ^B
J23   22                 B22(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J23   23   24             6(1)+20(K2.3.4.5.6).6(1)+20(1)+22(2)
Q23B       19             HHL2_2.LIVE WITH PARTNER?
/^C1
/
/                       Do you live with a partner?
/
/                               ^B
J24   23                 B23(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J24   25   
Q24X       
C1                        his
C2                        her
C3                        this person's
G                         1=8(1)
G                         2=8(2)
G                         3=8(N1/2)
J25   26                  6(1).16(1/17).19(2)
J25   26                  6(2)+7(2/3)+21(1)=:1:
Q25B                      HHL4.FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?
/
/
/~IF 6(2)+21(N1)+7(2/3)
/          Do you and your ^7 have shared finances?
/~ELSE 6(N2)+M7(2)+8(1)+25(N2)=MALE SPOUSE
/     Does your ^7 depend on you and your husband for most
/     of ^24 support or is ^9 financially independent for the most part?
/~ELSE 6(N2)+M7(2)+8(2)+25(N2)=FEMALE SPOUSE
/     Does your ^7 depend on you and your wife for most
/     of ^24 support or is ^9 financially independent for the most part?
/~ELSE 6(N2)+M7(3)=PARTNER
/     Does your ^7 depend on you and your partner for most
/     of ^24 support or is ^9 financially independent for the most part?
/~ELSE 
/     Does your ^7 depend on you for most of ^24 support
/     or is ^9 financially independent for the most part?
/~END
/
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT
C2                        FINANCIALLY INDEPENDENT
J26   25                 B25(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J26   6                   6(1)+20(2)+22(1)
J26   6                   6(1)+23(1)
J26   6                   6(1)+20(1.3.4)+(22(1).23(1))
J26   6                   6(1)+20(1)+22(2)+23(2)
Q26B       21             NEXTHH.ANYONE ELSE LIVE WITH YOU?
/
/
/
/                     Does anyone else live with you?
/
/                               ^B
J6    26                 B26(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J6    27                  26(2.K2.K3)
R6    26                  
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END HH LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q27B                      HH LIST.
/
/
/ RELATIONSHIP    SEX      AGE   MARITAL             LIVE HERE   DEPENDENT
/ '^7M6(G0)14(  '^86(   '^164(  '^2014(      '^21(        '^2513(
/
/
/
/     
/                             ^B
C1                        CONTINUE
C2                        ADD MORE
V                         B
J28   26                 B27(2)=CHANGE ANSWER TO 'YES' TO ADD MORE
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(1)+22(1)=:1:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(1)+23(1)=:2:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(3)+23(2)=:3:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(3)+23(1)=:4:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(5)+23(2)=:5:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(5)+23(1)=:6:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(4)+23(2)=:7:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(4)+23(1)=:8:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(6)+23(2)=:9:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(6)+23(1)=:10:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(2)=:12:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(0)+23(2)=:19:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(0)+23(1)=:20:
J28   29                  M6(1)+20(0)+23(0)=:21:
J28   29                  M7(2)+25(2)=:22:
J28   29                  
Q28U                      R MARITAL STATUS       
J29   31                  M7(2)=:51:
J29   31                  M7(3)+20(3)=:52:
J29   31                  M7(3)+20(5)=:53:
J29   31                  M7(3)+20(4)=:54:
J29   31                  M7(3)+20(6)=:55:
J29   31                  M7(3)+20(1)=:56:
J29   31                  M7(3)+20(0)=:59:
J29   31                  
Q29U                      SPOUSE/PARTNER'S MARITAL STATUS
Q31B       
/
/   I will be asking you about various kinds of household financial
/   matters during this interview.
/
/   (IF MORE THAN ONE PERSON LISTED BELOW HAVE RESPONDENT WRITE THE
/   NAMES ON THE BOTTOM OF THE INSTITUTION CARD AND READ:  As we
/   go through the interview, this card will serve as a reminder
/   of the people we are referring to when we say your "family
/   living here". (READ RELATIONSHIP OF MEMBERS LISTED BELOW)
/
/                      '^7M21(N2)+25(N2)29(
/                      '^7M7(2/3)+21(2)+25(1)41(
/
/                    ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
********************************************************************************
*                             SECTION A                                        *
********************************************************************************
Q32B                      A1.EXPECTATIONS FOR ECONOMY
/^C1
/
/    I'd like to start this interview by asking you about your expectations
/    for the future.  Over the next five years, do you expect the U.S.
/    economy as a whole to perform better, worse, or about the same as it
/    has over the past five years?
/
/                           ^B
C0
C1                        Better
C2                        Worse
C3                        About the same
J33   32                 B32(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q33B                      A2.INTEREST RATES HIGHER/LOWER
/^C1
/
/    Five years from now, do you think interest rates will be higher,
/    lower, or about the same as today?
/
/                            ^B
C0
C1                        Higher
C2                        Lower
C3                        About the same
J34   33                 B33(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q34B                      A3.SHOPPING
/                                                                            QxQ
/    (SHOW CARD 1)
/    When making major decisions about credit or borrowing,
/    some people shop around for the very best terms while others don't.
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What number would you be on the scale?
/~ELSE 
/    What number would your family be on the scale?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        1. ALMOST NO SHOPPING
C2                        2.
C3                        3. MODERATE SHOPPING
C4                        4.
C5                        5. A GREAT DEAL OF SHOPPING
J35   34                 B34(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J35   36   
Q35X       
C1                        and your husband
C2                        and your wife
C3                        and your partner
C4                        or your husband
C5                        or your wife
C6                        or your partner
C7                        husband
C8                        wife
C9                        partner
C10                       he
C11                       she
C12                       his
C13                       her
G                         1,4,7,10,12=M6(2)+7(2)+8(1)
G                         1,4,7,10,12=M6(1)+8(2)+20(3/4)+23(N1)
G                         2,5,8,11,13=M6(2)+7(2)+8(2)
G                         2,5,8,11,13=M6(1)+8(1)+20(3/4)+23(N1)
G                         3,6,9,10,12=M6(2)+7(3)+8(1)
G                         3,6,9,11,13=M6(2)+7(3)+8(2)
Q36MC                     A3_1.INFO USED FOR BORROW DECISIONS
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/  What sort of information do you ^35(1/3) use to make
/  decisions about credit or borrowing?  Do you call around for terms? 
/  Do you read newspapers, magazines, or material that you get in the mail? 
/  Do you get advice from a friend, relative, lawyer, accountant, or
/  financial planner?  Or do you do something else?
/~ELSE
/  What sort of information do you use to make decisions about credit 
/  or borrowing?  Do you call around for terms?   Do you read newspapers, 
/  magazines, or material that you get in the mail?  Do you get advice 
/  from a friend, relative, lawyer, accountant, or financial planner?  
/  Or do you do something else?
/~END
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
C1                        Call around
C2                        Material in the mail
C3                        Other advertisements
C4                        Accountant
C5                        Magazines/newspapers
C6                        friend/relative
C7                        Lawyer
C8                        Financial planner
C9                        NEVER BORROW
C10                       Other 
J37   37   38             36(10)
Q37U                      A3_1V.SPECIFY
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q38B       34             A4.PAST 5 YEARS INCOME VS PRICES
/                                                                            QxQ
/    (SHOW CARD 1)
/    When making major saving and investment decisions, some people
/    shop around for the very best terms while others don't.
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What number would you be on the scale?
/~ELSE 
/    What number would your family be on the scale?
/~END
/              
/                    ^B
J39   38                 B38(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q39MC                     A4_1.HOW MAKE INVESTMENT DECISIONS?
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    How do you ^35(1/3) make decisions about saving and 
/    investments?  Do you call around for rates?  Do you read newspapers,
/    magazines, or material you get in the mail?  Do you get advice from
/    a friend, relative, lawyer, accountant, or financial planner?
/    Or do you do something else? 
/~ELSE
/    How do you make decisions about saving and investments?  Do you call 
/    around for rates?  Do you read newspapers, magazines, or material you 
/    get in the mail?  Do you get advice from a friend, relative, lawyer, 
/    accountant, or financial planner?  Or do you do something else? 
/~END
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
C1                        CALL AROUND
C2                        Friend/relative
C3                        Accountant
C4                        Lawyer
C5                        Financial planner/BROKER
C6                        Magazines/newspapers
C7                        Self/do not get advice
C8                        Material in the mail
C9                        Other 
C10                       DO NOT SAVE/INVEST
J40   40   41             39(9)
Q40U                      A4_1V.SPECIFY
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q41B                      A5.ONE OR # OF INSTITUTIONS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    The next few questions are about the financial institutions that you do
/    business with. 
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    With how many financial institutions do you currently have accounts 
/    or loans, or regularly do personal financial business?  Include banks,
/    savings and loans, credit unions, brokerages, loan companies, and so
/    forth, but not institutions where you have only credit cards or business
/    accounts.
/~ELSE 
/    With how many financial institutions do you and your family living
/    here currently have accounts or loans, or regularly do personal
/    financial business?  Include banks, savings and loans, credit unions,
/    brokerages, loan companies, and so forth, but not institutions where
/    you have only credit cards or business accounts.
/~END
/
/    INTERVIEWER: (ACCOUNTS USED ONLY FOR BUSINESS SHOULD NOT BE INCLUDED.)
/
/                         ^B
C0
C1                        ONE
C2                        EXACT NUMBER GIVEN
C3                        SOME, EXACT NUMBER UNKNOWN
C4                        NONE
J42   41                 B41(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J42   43                  41(1)=:1:
J42   43                  41(4)=:0:
J42   43                  41(3)
J42   43                  41(K3)
J42   43                  41(K2)
Q42UB           2         A5A.# OF INSTITUTIONS
/
/
/      (SHOW INSTITUTIONS CARD)
/
/
/
/                  ENTER NUMBER: ^B
V                         !U__!(1/99)
J43   60                  41(K2)
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN INSTITUTION LOOP 1<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q43S       
C1
C2                        second
C3                        third
C4                        fourth
C5                        fifth
C6                        sixth
J44   45                  41(4)
Q44UB           40        A5_1.INSTITUTION NAME
/                                                                            QxQ
/INSTITUTION ^43                                                             
/~IF 42(1)
/
/
/   What is the name of this financial institution?
/~ELSE 42(N1)
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   What is the name of the financial institution where you do the 
/   ^43 most business?
/~ELSE 
/   What is the name of the financial institution where you and your family
/   living here do the ^43 most business?
/~END
/
/~END
/
/^C1
/   ^B
J45   46                  44V(G1)=:/^44:
J45   46                  43(1)+44(K2.K3)=:1st institution:
J45   46                  43(2)+44(K2.K3)=:2nd institution:
J45   46                  43(3)+44(K2.K3)=:3rd institution:
J45   46                  43(4)+44(K2.K3)=:4th institution:
J45   46                  43(5)+44(K2.K3)=:5th institution:
J45   46                  43(6)+44(K2.K3)=:6th institution:
J45   46                  43(1)=::<Enter institution>:
J45   46                  43(2)=::<Enter 2nd institution>:
J45   46                  43(3)=::<Enter 3rd institution>:
J45   46                  43(4)=::<Enter 4th institution>:
J45   46                  43(5)=::<Enter 5th institution>:
J45   46                  43(6)=::<Enter 6th institution>:
Q45UT          N          A5_1.INSTITUTION NAME
J46   44                 B44(A)+44V(L2)+44(NK2+NK3)=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J46   43                  43(LQ42).43(6)
J46   43                  M46(1.K2.K3)
J46   43                  41(4)
Q46B                      A5_9.ANOTHER INSTITUTION?
/
/
/
/~IF 41(3)+0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Is there another institution at which you regularly do personal
/    business?
/~ELSE 41(3)+0A(G1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Is there another institution at which you and your family living here
/    regularly do personal business?
/~ELSE 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Have you included all your accounts?
/~ELSE 
/    Have you included the accounts for all the people in your household?
/~END
/
/                '^45M45(N"<")41(
/
/
/                         ^B
C0
C1                        ALL LISTED
C2                        ADD MORE
J43   46                 B46(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J44   45                  M46(1.K2.K3)
R43   46                  
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END INSTITUTION LOOP 1<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN INSTITUTION LOOP 2<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q47S       
C01                       ^45M43(1)=
C02                       ^45M43(2)=
C03                       ^45M43(3)=
C04                       ^45M43(4)=
C05                       ^45M43(5)=
C06                       ^45M43(6)=
*G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")
J48   47                  M43(Q47)+45("<")
Q48B                      A6.TYPE OF INSTITUTION       
/                                                                            QxQ
/   ^47                                                                      
/
/    About ^45M43(Q47)=,
/    what kind of institution is this?  (Is it a commercial bank, a savings
/    and loan or savings bank, a credit union, a finance or loan company, a
/    brokerage, or what?)
/
/
/                         ^B
C0
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO.
C16                       BROKERAGE
C17                       OTHER
J49   48                 B48(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J49   50                  48(N17)
Q49U                      A6V.SPECIFY
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q50MC                     A7.HOW DO BUSINESS WITH INSTITUTION
/                                                                            QxQ
/^47                                                                         
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How do you mainly do business with this institution (-by Cash Machine,
/    in person, by mail, by phone, by computer, or some other way)?
/~ELSE 
/    How does your family mainly do business with this institution (-by Cash 
/    Machine, in person, by mail, by phone, by computer, or some other way)?
/~END
/    CODE ALL THAT APPLY -- CODE MAIN METHOD FIRST
C1                        BY CASH MACHINE
C2                        IN PERSON
C3                        BY MAIL
C4                        BY PHONE
C5                        BY COMPUTER
C6                        DON'T DO REGULAR BUSINESS
C7                        OTHER
C8                        ELECTRONIC TRANSFER
C10
G                         1/5,8,6,7
J51   51   52             50(7)
Q51U                      A7V.SPECIFY
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q52B                      A8.INSTITUTION DISTANCE-CODED
/                                                                            QxQ
/^47                                                                         
/
/    Roughly, how many miles is the office or cash machine of this
/    institution from the home or workplace of the person who uses it 
/    most often?  IF R ASKS:  WE WANT THE CLOSER OF THE DISTANCE FROM 
/    HOME OR WORKPLACE.
/
/           ^B                 
/
/
/           ENTER MILES: ^B
/
/
/
/                           ^B
C0
C1                        LESS THAN A MILE
C2                        ENTER EXACT MILES
C3                        FOREIGN LOCATION
C4                        LOCATED AT WORK
C5                        OVER 50 MILES
C6                        LOCAL PHONE/LOCAL POST BOX
G                         0,1,2,5,4,6,3
J53   54                  52(N2)
Q53UB           4         A8A.# OF MILES TO INSTITUTION 
V                         !U____!(1/9999)
Q54B                      CAPI.
C1                        CONTINUE
J55   52                 B52(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J55   52                 B52(2)+53(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER MILES
J55   47                  47(6)
J55   47                  0A(GQ47)=43AM45(N"<")=
Q55B       21             A9.ANY OTHER INSTITUTIONS?
/^C1
/
/
/        Do you have any other financial institutions which we have not
/        listed yet?
/
/                               ^B
J56   55                 B55(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J56   47                  55(2.K2.K3)
Q56B       
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME(S) OF NEW INSTITUTION(S):
/      '^E45M45("<")57(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J47   56                 B56(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R47   56                  
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END INSTITUTION LOOP 2<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q57B                      INSTITUTIONS.
/
/
/INSTITUTION          TYPE                METHOD      DISTANCE        MILES
/'^45M47(G0)+48(A)19(  '^4817(   '^5010(   '^5212(   '^536(
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/                   ^B
C1                        CONTINUE
C2                        ADD MORE
G                         1
G                         2=47(L6)
V                         B
J58   55                 B57(2)=CHANGE ANSWER TO 'YES' TO ADD MORE
J58   71                  M50(1)=:1:
J58   71                  41(4)
Q58B       21             A5_10.CASH CARD?
/^C1
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 0A(1)=43AM45(N"<")=
/    Do you have a card that allows you to deposit or withdraw money from
/    this institution using a cash machine?
/~ELSE 
/    Do you have a card that allows you to deposit or withdraw money from
/    these institutions using a cash machine?
/~END
/
/~ELSE 
/~IF 0A(1)=43AM45(N"<")=
/    Do you or your family living here have a card that allows you to deposit 
/    or withdraw money from this institution using a cash machine?
/~ELSE 
/    Do you or your family living here have a card that allows you to deposit 
/    or withdraw money from these institutions using a cash machine?
/~END
/
/~END
/
/                               ^B
J71   58                 B58(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
*A5.10.1-A5.10.5 SHOULD BE ASKED OF ALL RS WHO HAVE AT LEAST ONE
*ACCOUNT OR WHO DK/REF NUMBER OF ACCOUNTS AT A5.1...
J71   755                 42(0+"0")
Q71B       19             A5_10_1.DEBIT CARDS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    A debit card is a card that you can present when you buy things that 
/    automatically deducts the amount of the purchase from the money in an 
/    account that you have.  
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you use any debit cards?
/~ELSE
/    Does your family use any debit cards?
/~END
/
/    INTERVIEWER: WE CARE ABOUT USE, NOT WHETHER R HAS A DEBIT CARD
/
/                    ^B
J72   71                 B71(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q72B       19             A5_10_2.DIRECT DEPOSIT?
/
/
/    Some people have their paychecks or Social Security benefits
/    or other money automatically paid directly into their accounts.  
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 0A(1)=43AM45(N"<")=
/    Do you have any money directly deposited into your account?
/~ELSE
/    Do you have any money directly deposited into one of your accounts?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 0A(1)=43AM45(N"<")=
/    Do you or someone in your family living here have any money directly 
/    deposited into your family's account?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or someone in your family living here have any money directly 
/    deposited into one of your family's accounts?
/~END
/~END
/
/    (IF R ASKS, DO NOT INCLUDE INTEREST PAID ON THE ACCOUNT)
/
/                    ^B
J73   72                 B72(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J73   75                  72(N1)
Q73MC                     A5_10_3.KINDS OF DEPOSITS
/
/
/
/     What kinds of deposits are these? (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
C1                        PAYCHECK
C2                        SOCIAL SECURITY
C3                        OTHER
C10
G                         1/3
J74   74   75             73(3)
Q74U                      A5_10_3V.SPECIFY
/
/   PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q75B       19             A5_10_4.AUTOMATIC PAYMENTS?
/
/
/    Some people have their utility bills, mortgage or rent payments, 
/    or other payments automatically paid directly from their accounts 
/    without having to write a check.  
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you have any payments that you make in this way?
/~ELSE
/    Do you and your family living here have any payments that you make 
/    in this way?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J487  75                 B75(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J487  755                 75(N1)
Q487MC                    A5_10_5.SORTS OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/
/     What sorts of payments are these? (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
C1                        UTILITY BILLS
C2                        MORTGAGE/RENT
C3                        OTHER
C10
G                         1/3
J498  498  755            487(3)
Q498U                     A5_10_5V.SPECIFY
/
/   PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q755B      19             A5_10_6.SMART CARDS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    A 'smart card' is a type of payment card containing a computer
/    chip which is set to hold a sum of money.  As the card is used, 
/    purchases are subtracted from that sum.
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you have any such cards that you can use for a variety of purchases?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family living here have any such cards that 
/    you can use for a variety of purchases?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J60   755                B755(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
********************************************************************************
*             SECTION B:  ATTITUDES TOWARD CREDIT/CREDIT CARDS
********************************************************************************
Q60B                      B1.BUY ON INSTALLMENT
/                                                                            QxQ
/^C1
/   Now I would like to ask you some questions about how you feel about 
/   credit.  In general, do you think it is a good idea or a bad idea 
/   for people to buy things on the installment plan?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Good idea
C2                        GOOD IN SOME WAYS, BAD IN OTHERS
C3                        Bad idea
V                         B
J61   60                 B60(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q61S       
C1                        first, to cover the expenses of a vacation trip?
C2                        next, to cover living expenses when income is cut?
C3                        next, to finance the purchase of a fur coat or jewelry
/?
C4                        next, to finance the purchase of a car?
C5                        finally, to finance educational expenses?
Q62B       19             B2.ALL RIGHT TO BORROW FOR...?
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 61(1)
/
/   People have many different reasons for borrowing money which they pay 
/   back over a period of time.  For each of the reasons I read, please 
/   tell me whether you feel it is all right for someone like yourself to 
/   borrow money...    
/~END
/ 
/   ^61
/
/                    ^B
R61   62                  
*ITEM 2.6 ADDED.
J63   62                 B62(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q63B       19             B2_6.APPLIED FOR CREDIT/LOAN IN LAST 5 YRS?
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/   Have you ^35(1/3) applied for any type of credit or loan 
/   in the last five years? 
/~ELSE
/   Have you applied for any type of credit or loan in the 
/   last five years?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J64   63                 B63(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J64   69                  63(A+N1)
Q64B                      B3.TURNED DOWN IN LAST 5 YRS?
/ 
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/   In the past five years, has a particular lender or creditor turned down
/   any request you ^35(4/6) made for credit, or not given you as much
/   credit as you applied for?
/~ELSE
/   In the past five years, has a particular lender or creditor turned down
/   any request you made for credit, or not given you as much credit as you 
/   applied for?
/~END
/   (PROBE: Turned down, or not as much credit?)
/   IF TURNED DOWN AND NOT AS MUCH CREDIT, ASK WHICH IS MORE RECENT
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Yes, turned down
C2                        Yes, not as much credit
C3                        No
J65   64                 B64(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J65   69                  64(N1/2)
Q65B       19             B3_1.OBTAIN FULL AMOUNT?
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/   Were you later able to obtain the full amount you ^35(4/6)
/   requested by reapplying to the same institution or by applying 
/   elsewhere?
/~ELSE
/   Were you later able to obtain the full amount you requested by 
/   reapplying to the same institution or by applying  elsewhere?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C3                        Did Not Reapply
J66   65                 B65(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q66U                      B3_2.REASONS FOR BEING TURNED DOWN
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/   On the most recent occasion, what reasons were you ^35(4/6)
/~IF 64(1)
/   given for being turned down for credit?
/~ELSE
/   given for being unable to get as much credit as you applied for?
/~END
/~ELSE
/   On the most recent occasion, what reasons were you given for 
/~IF 64(1)
/   being turned down for credit?
/~ELSE
/   being unable to get as much credit as you applied for?
/~END
/~END
V                         M!a_!
*Q3.3 MAY MOVE TO FOLLOW Q.3.1
Q67B                      B3_3.TYPE OF CREDIT APPLIED FOR
/
/^C1
/   What type of credit did you apply for?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Mortgage
C2                        Car loan
C3                        Other installment loan
C4                        Credit Card
C5                        Line of credit
C6                        Other 
J68   67                 B67(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J68   69                  67(N6)
Q68U                      B3_3V.SPECIFY 
/
/   PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q69B       19             B3_4.THOUGHT MIGHT BE TURNED DOWN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/   Was there any time in the past five years that you ^35(4/6)
/   thought of applying for credit at a particular place, but changed
/   your mind because you thought you might be turned down?
/~ELSE
/   Was there any time in the past five years that you thought of 
/   applying for credit at a particular place, but changed your mind
/   because you thought you might be turned down?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J70   69                 B69(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J70   76                  69(A+N1)
Q70U                      B3_5.WHY MIGHT BE TURNED DOWN?
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/   On the most recent occasion, why did you ^35(4/6) think you
/   might be turned down?
/~ELSE
/   On the most recent occasion, why did you think you might be 
/   turned down?
/~END
V                         M!a_!
Q76B       19             B5.DO YOU HAVE ANY CREDIT CARDS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/^C1
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Now I have some questions about credit cards and charge cards.  
/   Do you have any credit cards or charge cards?  
/   (Please do not include debit cards.)
/~ELSE 
/   Now I have some questions about credit cards and charge cards.  
/   Do you or anyone in your family living here have any credit cards 
/   or charge cards?  (Please do not include debit cards.)
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J77   76                 B76(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J77   91                  76(2.K2.K3)
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN CREDIT CARD LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q77S       
C1                        Visa, Mastercard, Discover, or Optima cards
C2                        Sears, K-Mart, furniture, clothing and other store car
/ds
C3                        Gasoline Cards such as Shell, Exxon, BP, Texaco, or Am
/oco
C4                        American Express, Diners Club, or Carte Blanche cards
C5                        Airline, Car Rental, or other cards
Q78B       19             B6.DO YOU HAVE ANY (TYPE) CARDS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/^C1
/~IF 77(1)
/   Now I would like to ask you a few questions about your credit cards. 
/   (SHOW CARD 3)
/~END
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you have any type of
/~ELSE
/   Do you and your family living here have any type of
/~END
/   ^77?
/
/                                ^B
J79   78                 B78(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J79   77                  78(A+N1)
Q79UB           2         B6_1.# OF (TYPE) CARDS
/                                                                            QxQ
/CARD(S): ^77                                                                
/
/   How many?
/~IF M77(G0)+79(G0.K2.K3)
/~ELSE
/   (Please do not count duplicate cards for the same account or any business 
/   or company accounts.)
/~END
/
/                # OF ACCOUNTS: ^B
V                         !.U__.!(1/99)
Q80UB           5         B7.AMOUNT OF NEW CHARGES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/CARD(S): ^77
/
/~IF 79(G1.K2.K3)
/   On your last bills, roughly how much were the new charges made to
/   these accounts?
/~ELSE
/   On your last bill, roughly how much were the new charges made to
/   this account?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J81   82                  80(0+"0")
Q81T            30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^80
C2                        8
J82   80                 B81("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q82UB           5         B8.BALANCE STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/CARD(S): ^77                                                                
/
/~IF 79(G1.K2.K3)
/  After the last payments were made on these accounts, roughly what 
/  was the balance still owed on these accounts?
/~ELSE
/  After the last payment was made on this account, roughly what 
/  was the balance still owed on this account?
/~END
/
/  IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J83   84                  82(0+"0")
Q83T            30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^82
C2                        7
J84   82                 B83("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J84   77                  77(G1)
Q84UB           5         B9.CREDIT LIMIT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/CARD(S): ^77
/
/~IF 79(G1.K2.K3)
/   What is the maximum amount you could borrow on all of these
/   accounts; that is, what is your total credit limit?
/~ELSE
/   What is the maximum amount you could borrow on this account;
/   that is, what is your total credit limit?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q85T            30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^84
C2                        6
J86   84                 B85("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q86UB                     B9_1.INTEREST ON CARD W/LARGEST BALANCE
/CARD(S): ^77
/
/~IF 79(G1.K2.K3)+83(G0)
/   What interest rate do you pay on the card where you have the largest
/   balance?
/~ELSE 79(G1.K2.K3)+83(0)
/   What is the interest rate on the card you got most recently?
/~ELSE 79(1)
/   What interest rate do you pay on this card?
/~END
/
/   INTERVIEWER: WE WANT TO KNOW THE RATE THAT R PAYS ON NEW BALANCES
/
/                    ^B%
V                         !.U__._!(0/100)
Q88MC                     B10.INSTITUTION
/                                                                            QxQ
/CARD(S): ^77                                                                
/^C2
/~IF 79(G1.K2.K3)
/  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Are these credit cards
/  with any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from
/  someplace else? (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.) 
/  [IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institutions?]  
/  [IF "SOMEPLACE ELSE": What types of institutions?]
/~ELSE
/  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is this credit card with any
/  institution on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else? 
/  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.) 
/  [IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?]  
/  [IF "SOMEPLACE ELSE": What type of institution?]
/~END
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER 
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BANK
C50                       SEARS (DISCOVER)
C51                       AMERICAN EXPRESS(OPTIMA)
C52                       GASOLINE COMPANY
C53                       CREDIT UNION
C54                       MEMBERSHIP ORG.
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")
G                         11,12,53,50/52,54,7
*GO BACK TO Q.6, COL. B
*NOTE: WE WILL NOT ADD INSTITUTIONS INTRODUCED ON THIS GRID TO THE INSTITUTION
*CARD/LIST.
J89   88                 B0(GQ79)+79(G0)=88U(1/54)==# OF INST. SHOULD NOT EXCEED
/ # OF CARDS!
J89   89   77             88(7)
Q89U                      B10V.SPECIFY  
/
/
/   PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
R77   89                  
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END CREDIT CARD LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J90   90   91             M77(L3)+78(1)
Q90B                      B12.HOW OFTEN PAY TOTAL BALANCE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/^C1
/   Thinking only about Visa, Mastercard, Discover, Optima and store cards, 
/   do you almost always, sometimes, or hardly ever pay off the total 
/   balance owed on the account each month?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Always or almost always
C2                        Sometimes
C3                        Hardly ever
J91   90                 B90(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q91B       19             B13.ANY OTHER CHARGE ACCOUNTS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF M77(2)+78(1)
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Other than the store accounts where you have credit cards, do you
/    have any charge or revolving charge accounts at stores where you owed
/    money after your last payment?
/~ELSE
/    Other than the store accounts where you have credit cards, do you
/    or your family living here have any charge or revolving charge accounts
/    at stores where you owed money after your last payment?
/~END
/~ELSE 
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you have any charge or revolving charge accounts at stores where
/   you owed money after your last payment?
/~ELSE
/   Do you or your family living here have any charge or revolving charge 
/   accounts at stores where you owed money after your last payment?
/~END
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J92   91                 B91(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J92   95                  91(A+N1)
Q92UB           2         B14.HOW MANY ACCOUNTS WITH BALANCE?
/ 
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How many such accounts do you have where you owe money?
/~ELSE
/   How many such accounts do you or your family living here have where 
/   you owe money?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.U__.!(1/99)
Q93UB           6         B15.BALANCE STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 92(G1)
/   After the last payments were made on these accounts, what was
/   the balance still owed on all these accounts?
/~ELSE
/   After the last payment was made on this account, what was the 
/   balance still owed on this account?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
J94   93                 B93(0+"0")+92(G0.K2.K3)=R SAID ^92 ACCOUNTS HAD BALANCE
/S!
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J94   95                  93(0+"0")
Q94T            30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^93
C2                        7
J95   93                 B94("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
********************************************************************************
*                       SECTION D:  HOUSING                                    *
********************************************************************************
Q95B                      D1.WHERE DOES R LIVE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/      WHERE DOES R LIVE?
/
/      ^B
C0
C1                        R LIVES ON A RANCH
C2                        R LIVES ON A FARM
C3                        R LIVES IN A MOBILE HOME/RV
C4                        ALL OTHER TYPES OF HOUSING
V                         B
J96   134                 95(3)
J96   184                 95(4)
*if 1=2 skip to 11;if 1=3 skip to 16
J96   95                 B95(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J96   97   
Q96X                      .
C1                        ranch
C2                        farm
C3                        ranches
C4                        farms
G                         1,3=95(1)
G                         2,4=95(2)
Q97UB           6         D2.HOW MANY ACRES?
/                                                                            QxQ
/     Now I have some questions about this property.  
/
/     About how many acres is this ^96(1/2), including any acres that
/     are rented or rented out to others?
/
/     ^B ACRES
V                         !.U___,___.!(1/999999)
Q98B       19             D3.FARMING OR RANCHING BUSINESS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you operate a farming or ranching business on this property?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family living here operate a farming or 
/    ranching business on this property?
/~END
/    (IF R CLAIMS THE FARM ON HIS INCOME TAX, THEN THE FARM IS A BUSINESS 
/    FOR OUR PURPOSES.)
/
/                    ^B
J99   98                 B98(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J99   107                 98(K2.K3)
Q99B       98             D3_1.DO YOU RENT PROPERTY?
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you rent out any part of this property to others?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family living here rent out any part of 
/    this property to others?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J100  104                 99(2.K2.K3)
J100  99                 B99(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q100UB          5         D3_2.AMOUNT OF RENT COLLECTED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/    How much rent do you collect?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J101  104                 100(0+"0")
Q101T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^100
C2                        6
J102  100                B101("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J102  104                 101(0)
Q102B                     D3_2F.FREQUENCY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount collected?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C2                        Week
C3                        Biweekly
C4                        Month
C5                        Quarter
C6                        Year
C11                       Twice per year
C12                       Bimonthly
C20                       Other
G                         0,2,3,4,12,5,11,6,20
J103  102                B102(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J103  104                 102(N20)
Q103U                     D3_2FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J104  184                 98(2.K2.K3)
Q104B                     D4.WHAT PART USED FOR FARMING/RANCHING?
/
/
/   What part of this property is used for ^96(1/2)ing?
/
/   ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER PERCENTAGE
C2                        ENTER ACREAGE
C3                        Very little
C4                        Almost all
J105  104                B104(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J105  106                 104(A+N1)
Q105UB          6         D4PCT.PERCENTAGE
/
/   ENTER PERCENTAGE: ^B
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/100)
*CAPI NOTE        PERCENT MUST BE <= 100   ACRES MUST BE <= D2
*
*9. QUESTION DELETED.
J106  107                 104(N2)
Q106UB          5         D4ACRES.# OF ACRES
/
/    ENTER ACREAGE: ^B
V                         !.U__,___.!(1/99999)
J107  106                B106(GQ97)+97(G0)=ACREAGE USED CANNOT BE > TOTAL ACREAG
/E!
Q107B                     D5.LEGAL OWNERSHIP STATUS OF FARM/RANCH
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/  What is the legal ownership status of this ^96(1/2)?
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  Do you own this ^96(1/2), do you own part of it, do you rent 
/  it, is it all owned by a business, or what?
/~ELSE
/  Do you or your family living here own this ^96(1/2), do you
/  own part of it, do you rent it, is it all owned by a business, or what?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Owns all
C2                        Owns only part
C3                        Sharecropper
C4                        Rents/Leases all
C5                        Owned by a business
C6                        Other
J108  107                B107(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J108  109                 107(N6)
Q108U                     D5V.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J109  119                 107(2)
J109  117                 107(3.6.K2.K3)
J109  196                 107(4)
J109  116                 107(5)
************************R OWNS ALL OF FARM/RANCH********************************
Q109B      98             D5_1.FARM/RANCHING BUSINESS PAY RENT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Does your ^96(1/2)ing business pay any rent for the use of 
/    the property?
/~ELSE
/    Does your family's ^96(1/2)ing business pay any rent for the use of 
/    the property?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J110  109                B109(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J110  114                 109(A+N1)
Q110UB          5         D5_2.AMOUNT OF RENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much rent do you collect?
/~ELSE
/   How much rent do you or your family living here collect?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q111T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^110
C2                        6
J112  110                B111("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J112  114                 111(0)
Q112B      102            D5_2F.FREQUENCY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount collected?
/
/                    ^B
J113  112                B112(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J113  114                 112(N20)
Q113U                     D5_2FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q114UB          8         D5_3.VALUE OF LAND AND BUILDINGS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/   Could you tell me the current value of all the land and buildings -
/   that is, what would it bring if it were sold today?  Do not include
/   any farm animals, implements or crops.
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
* SKIP TO Q.20
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J115  116                 114(0+"0")
Q115T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^114
C2                        1
J116  114                B115("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J116  209                 114(A)
*************************FARM/RANCH OWNED BY A BUSINESS*************************
Q116B      98             D5_4.PAY BUSINESS RENT FOR FARM/RANCH?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you pay the business any rent for this property? 
/~ELSE
/   Do you or your family living here pay the business any rent for 
/   this property? 
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J117  196                 116(1)
J117  116                B116(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q117UB          2         D5_5M.MONTH MOVED INTO FARM/RANCH
/
/
/   In what month and year did you move into this ^96(1/2)?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q118UB          4         D5_5Y.YEAR MOVED INTO FARM/RANCH
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J119  117                B117(GQ4)+118(1995)=DATE MUST PRE-DATE DATE OF INTERVIE
/W!
*                 (SKIP TO D52)
*CAPI NOTE:  DATE IN D5.5 MUST PRE-DATE THE DATE OF THE INTERVIEW
*************************R OWNS PART OF FARM/RANCH******************************
J119  789                 117(A)
Q119B      98             D6.FARM/RANCHING BUSINESS PAY RENT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Does the ^96(1/2)ing business pay you any rent for the 
/   use of the property?
/~ELSE
/   Does the ^96(1/2)ing business pay you or your family living 
/   here any rent for the use of the property?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
*                 Yes. . . . . . . . . (GO TO Q.6.1) . . . . . . . . 1
*                 No . . . . . . . . . (SKIP TO Q.7) . . . . . . . . 2
J120  119                B119(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J120  124                 119(A+N1)
Q120UB          5         D6_1.AMOUNT OF RENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much rent do you collect?
/~ELSE
/   How much rent do you or your family living here collect?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q121T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^120
C2                        6
J122  120                B121("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J122  124                 121(0)
Q122B      102            D6_1F.FREQEUNCY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount collected?
/
/                    ^B
J123  122                B122(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J123  124                 122(N20)
Q123U                     D6_1FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q124B      98             D7.DO YOU PAY RENT FOR PROPERTY?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you pay any rent for this property?
/~ELSE
/   Do you or anyone in your family living here pay any rent for this 
/   property?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
*                 Yes. . . . . . . . . (GO TO Q.7.1) . . . . . . . . 1
*                 No . . . . . . . . . (SKIP TO Q.8) . . . . . . . . 2
J125  124                B124(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J125  129                 124(A+N1)
Q125UB          5         D7_1.AMOUNT OF RENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much rent do you pay?
/~ELSE
/   How much rent do you or your family living here pay?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q126T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^125
C2                        6
J127  125                B126("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J127  129                 126(0)
Q127B      102            D7_1F.FREQUENCY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
J128  127                B127(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J128  129                 127(N20)
Q128U                     D7_1FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q129B                     D8.PERCENT OF PROPERTY OWNED
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   I will ask you more about the business operation later.  Now I'd 
/   like to ask about the part of the property that you personally own.
/   About what percent of the total property is that?
/~ELSE
/   I will ask you more about the business operation later.  Now I'd 
/   like to ask about the part of the property that you and your family 
/   living here personally own.  About what percent of the total property
/   is that?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER PERCENTAGE
C2                        ENTER ACREAGE
J130  129                B129(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J130  131                 129(A+N1)
Q130UB          6         D8PCT.PERCENT OWNED
/
/   ENTER PERCENTAGE: ^B
V                         !.U___.__%!(0/100)
*CAPI NOTE        PERCENT MUST BE <= 100   ACRES MUST BE <= D2
*
*9. QUESTION DELETED.
J131  132                 129(N2)
Q131UB          5         D8ACRES.ACRES OWNED
/
/    ENTER ACREAGE: ^B
V                         !.U__,___.!(0/99999)
J132  131                B131(GQ97)+97(G0)=ACREAGE OWNED CANNOT BE > TOTAL ACREA
/GE!
Q132UB          7         D10.VALUE OF LAND OWNED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   Could you tell me the current value of the entire part of the land and 
/   building you own?  I mean, what would it bring if it were sold today?  
/   Do not include any farm animals, implements or crops.
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J133  134                 132(0+"0")
Q133T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^132
C2                        1
J134  132                B133("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
* SKIP TO Q.20
J134  209                 132(A)
*******************************MOBILE HOME*************************************
Q134B                     D11.MOBILE HOME-OWN OR RENT?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  Now I have some questions about your home.  Do you own both this 
/  mobile home and site or lot, do you own only the mobile home, do you 
/  own only the site, do you rent both the home and site, or what?  
/~ELSE
/  Now I have some questions about your home.  Do you or your family 
/  living here own both this mobile home and site or lot, do you own only 
/  the mobile home, do you own only the site, do you rent both the home 
/  and site, or what?  
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Own both home and site
C2                        Own only site
C3                        Own only home
C4                        Rent both
C5                        Neither own nor rent
J135  134                B134(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J135  166                 134(1)
J135  149                 134(3)
J135  160                 134(4)
J135  146                 134(5)
J135  147                 134(K2.K3)
Q135UB          4         D11_1.AMOUNT OF RENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   About how much rent do you pay on this home?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___.!("range",0/9999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J136  139                 135(0+"0")
Q136T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^135
C2                        8
J137  135                B136("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J137  139                 136(0)
Q137B      102            D11_1FV.FREQUENCTY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it paid?
/
/                    ^B
J138  137                B137(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J138  139                 137(N20)
Q138U                     D11_1FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q139UB          6         D11_2.CURRENT VALUE OF SITE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   Could you tell me the current value of the site?  I mean, about what 
/   would it bring if it were sold today?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J140  141                 139(0+"0")
Q140T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^139
C2                        4
J141  139                B140("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q141B                     D11_3.GIFT/INHERITANCE-R PURCHASED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   In what month and year did you purchase the site?
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                 ^B
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
C0
C1                        GIFT/INHERITANCE
C2                        R PURCHASED
J142  141                B141(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q142UB          2         D11_3M.MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q143UB          4         D11_3Y.YEAR PURCHASE/RECEIVED
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J144  141                B142(GQ4)+143(1995)=DATE MUST PRE-DATE DATE OF INTERVIE
/W!
*CAPI NOTE: WILL PUT  GIFT/INHERITANCE  . . . . . 1  ON SAME SCREEN AS DATE.
*         DATE FOR D11.3 MUST PREDATE DATE OF THE INTERVIEW
Q144UB          6         D11_4.COST OF SITE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   How much did this site cost when you originally acquired it? 
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.)
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J145  146                 144(0+"0")
Q145T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^144
C2                        4
J146  144                B145("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J146  773                 144(A)
*                        SKIP TO Q.22
Q146U                     D11_5.
/
/
/   How is that?
V                         M!a_!
Q147UB          2         D11_6M.MONTH MOVED INTO MOBILE HOME
/
/
/   In what month and year did you move into this mobile home?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q148UB          4         D11_6Y.YEAR MOVED INTO MOBILE HOME
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
* SKIP TO D52
J149  789                 148(A)
***************************R OWNS ONLY MOBILE HOME******************************
Q149UB          4         D12.AMOUNT OF RENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    About how much rent do you pay on this site?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___.!("range",0/9999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J150  153                 149(0+"0")
Q150T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^149
C2                        8
J151  149                B150("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J151  153                 150(0)
Q151B      102            D12F.FREQUENCY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it paid?
/
/                    ^B
J152  151                B151(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J152  153                 151(N20)
Q152U                     D12FV.SPECIFY
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q153UB          6         D12_1.CURRENT VALUE OF MOBILE HOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   Could you tell me the current value of this mobile home?  
/   I mean, about what would it bring if it were sold today?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J154  155                 153(0+"0")
Q154T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^153
C2                        6
J155  153                B154("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q155B                     D12_2GFT.GIFT/INHERITANCE-R PURCHASED
/                                                                            QxQ
/   In what month and year did you purchase this mobile home? 
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                 ^B
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
C0
C1                        GIFT/INHERITANCE
C2                        R PURCHASED
J156  155                B155(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q156UB          2         D12_2M.MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q157UB          4         D12_2Y.YEAR PURCHASE/RECEIVED
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J158  155                B156(GQ4)+157(1995)=DATE MUST PRE-DATE DATE OF INTERVIE
/W!
*CAPI NOTE:  TREAT THE SAME AS D11.3.
Q158UB          6         D12_3.COST OF MOBILE HOME?
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/      How much did this mobile home cost when you originally acquired it?
/
/      INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.
/      IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J159  160                 158(0+"0")
Q159T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^158
C2                        6
J160  158                B159("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
* SKIP TO Q.22, PAGE D-21
J160  773                 158(A)
*************************R RENTS MOBILE HOME AND SITE**************************
Q160UB          4         D13.AMOUNT OF RENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    About how much rent do you pay on this home and site?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___.!("range",0/9999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J161  164                 160(0+"0")
Q161T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^160
C2                        8
J162  160                B161("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J162  164                 161(0)
Q162B      102            D13F.FREQUENCY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it paid?
/
/                    ^B
J163  162                B162(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J163  164                 162(N20)
Q163U                     D13FV.SPECIFY
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q164UB          2         D13_1M.MONTH MOVED INTO MOBILE HOME
/
/
/   In what month and year did you move into this mobile home?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q165UB          4         D13_1Y.YEAR MOVED INTO MOBILE HOME
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
* SKIP TO D52
J166  789                 164(A)
*********************R OWNS BOTH MOBILE HOME AND SITE***************************
Q166UB          6         D14.CURRENT VALUE OF HOME AND SITE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   Could you tell me the current value of this home and site?  
/   I mean, about what would they bring if they were sold today?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J167  168                 166(0+"0")
Q167T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^166
C2                        5
J168  166                B167("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q168B      98             D15.SITE AND HOME PURCHASE SEPARATELY?
/
/    
/   Were the site and mobile home purchased separately?
/ 
/                    ^B
J169  168                B168(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J169  179                 168(2.K2.K3)
Q169B                     D15_1.GIFT/INHERITANCE-R PURCHASE
/                                                                            QxQ
/   In what month and year did you purchase this mobile home? 
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                 ^B
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
C0
C1                        GIFT/INHERITANCE
C2                        R PURCHASED
J170  169                B169(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q170UB          2         D15_1M.MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q171UB          4         D15_1Y.YEAR PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J172  169                B170(GQ4)+171(1995)=DATE MUST PRE-DATE DATE OF INTERVIE
/W!
*CAPI NOTE:  TREAT THE SAME AS D11.3
Q172UB          6         D15_2.COST OF MOBILE HOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   How much did the mobile home cost when you originally acquired it? 
/
/   INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J173  174                 172(0+"0")
Q173T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^172
C2                        6
J174  172                B173("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q174B                     D15_3.GIFT/INHERITANCE-R PURCHASED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   In what month and year did you purchase this site? 
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                 ^B
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
C0
C1                        GIFT/INHERITANCE
C2                        R PURCHASED
J175  174                B174(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q175UB          2         D15_3M.MONTH PURCHASE/RECEIVED
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q176UB          4         D15_3Y.YEAR PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J177  174                B175(GQ4)+176(1995)=DATE MUST PRE-DATE DATE OF INTERVIE
/W!
*CAPI NOTE:  TREAT AS D11.3
Q177UB          6         D15_4.COST OF SITE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    How much did this site cost when you originally acquired it? 
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J178  179                 177(0+"0")
Q178T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^177
C2                        6
J179  177                B178("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
* SKIP TO Q.22, PAGE D-31
J179  773                 177(A)
Q179B                     D15_5.GIFT/INHERITANCE-R PURCHASED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   In what month and year did you purchase this mobile home and site? 
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                 ^B
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
C0
C1                        GIFT/INHERITANCE
C2                        R PURCHASED
J180  179                B179(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q180UB          2         D15_5M.MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q181UB          4         D15_5Y.YEAR PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J182  179                B180(GQ4)+181(1995)=DATE MUST PRE-DATE DATE OF INTERVIE
/W!
*CAPI NOTE: TREAT AS D11.3
Q182UB          6         D15_6.COST OF HOME/SITE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   How much did the mobile home and site cost when you originally 
/   acquired it? 
/
/   INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J183  184                 182(0+"0")
Q183T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^182
C2                        5
J184  182                B183("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
*SKIP TO Q.22, PAGE D-21
J184  773                 182(A)
*********************OTHER HOUSING ARRANGEMENTS*********************************
Q184B                     D16.OWN, RENT, CONDO ASSOCIATION?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/   Now I have some questions about your home.
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 95(1)
/   Do you own this ranch, do you pay rent, do you own it as a part of 
/   a condo, co-op, townhouse association, or what?
/~ELSE 95(2)
/   Do you own this farm, do you pay rent, do you own it as a part of a 
/   condo, co-op, townhouse association, or what?
/~ELSE
/   Do you own this (house and lot/apartment), do you pay rent, do you 
/   own it as a part of a condo, co-op, townhouse association, or what?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 95(1)
/   Do you and your family living here own this ranch, do you pay rent, 
/   do you own it as a part of a condo, co-op, townhouse association, 
/   or what?
/~ELSE 95(2)
/   Do you and your family living here own this farm, do you pay rent, 
/   do you own it as a part of a condo, co-op, townhouse association, 
/   or what?
/~ELSE
/   Do you and your family living here own this (house and lot/apartment),
/   do you pay rent, do you own it as a part of a condo, co-op, townhouse
/   association, or what?
/~END
/~END
/
/                  ^B
C0
C1                        Owns or is buying/land contract
C2                        Pays rent
C3                        Condo
C4                        Co-op
C5                        Townhouse Association
C6                        Retirement Lifetime Tenancy
C7                        Neither owns nor rents
J193  184                B184(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J193  187                 184(1.3.4.5.6)
J193  196                 184(2)
J193  194                 184(K2.K3)
Q193U                     D16_4.HOW IS HOUSING PROVIDED?
/
/
/   How is your housing provided?
V                         M!a_!
Q185B      98             D16_05.DO YOU OWN ANY PART?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 95(1)
/    Do you own any part of this ranch?
/~ELSE 95(2)
/    Do you own any part of this farm?
/~ELSE
/    Do you own any part of this (house and lot/apartment)?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 95(1/2)
/    Does anyone in your family living here own any part of this ^96(1/2)?
/~ELSE
/    Does anyone in your family living here own any part of this
/    (house and lot/apartment)?
/~END
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J186  185                B185(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J186  194                 185(2.K2.K3)
Q186UB          5         D16_055.WHAT PERCENT DO YOU OWN?
/
/     IN THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS ABOUT VALUE AND LOANS, INCLUDE ONLY
/     R'S SHARE; IF R KNOWS ONLY TOTALS FOR THE WHOLE PROPERTY, MAKE
/     NOTES WHERE APPLICABLE
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     What percent of the property do you own?
/~ELSE
/   What percent of the property do you and your family living here own?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(1/100)
Q187B      98             D16_1.REQUIRED TO PAY FEES?
/
/   
/    Are you required to pay regular fees to an association or property 
/    management group in order to live here?
/
/                    ^B
*                 Yes. . . . . . . . . . . .(GO TO Q.16.2) . . . . . .1
*                 No . . . . . . . . . . . .(SKIP TO Q.16.3) . . . . .2
J188  187                B187(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J188  192                 187(A+N1)
Q188UB          5         D16_2.HOW MUCH ARE FEES?
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   How much are your fees?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q189T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^188
C2                        8
J190  188                B189("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J190  192                 189(0)
Q190B      102            D16_2F.FREQUENCY OF FEE PAYMENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often do you pay this amount?
/
/                    ^B
J191  190                B190(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J191  192                 190(N20)
Q191U                     D16_2FV.SPECIFY
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q192B      98             D16_3.R LIVE IN MUTIPLE HU STRUCTURE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   INTERVIEWER OBSERVATION:
/
/   DOES R LIVE IN MULTIPLE HU STRUCTURE?
/   (CONFIRM WITH R IF NECESSARY)
/
/                    ^B
*SKIP TO Q.18 ON YES/ Q.19 ON NO
J194  192                B192(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J194  204                 192(1)
J194  207                 192(2.K2.K3)
Q194UB          2         D16_5M.MONTH MOVED INTO HOME
/
/
/   In what month and year did you move into this home?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q195UB          4         D16_5Y.YEAR MOVED INTO HOME
V                         (1898/1995){NNNN}
* SKIP TO D52
J196  301                 185(2)+195(G0.K2.K3)
J196  789                 195(G0.K2.K3)
*****************************R PAYS RENT***************************************
Q196UB          5         D17.AMOUNT OF RENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 95(1/2)
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much rent do you pay for this ^96(1/2)?
/~ELSE
/   How much rent do you or your family living here pay for this ^96(1/2)?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much rent do you pay for this (house/apartment)?
/~ELSE
/   How much rent do you or your family living here pay for this 
/   (house/apartment)?
/~END
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J197  200                 196(0+"0")
Q197T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^196
C2                        8
J198  196                B197("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J198  200                 197(0)
Q198B      102            D17F.FREQUENCY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
J199  198                B198(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J199  200                 198(N20)
Q199U                     D17FV.SPECIFY
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q200B                     D17_1.INCLUDE SOME OR ALL UTILITIES?
/
/
/   Does that include some or all utilities?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Yes, all
C2                        Yes, some
C3                        No
J201  200                B200(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q201B                     D17_2.FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED?
/
/
/   Do you rent it furnished or unfurnished?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Furnished
C2                        Partially furnished
C3                        Unfurnished
J202  201                B201(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q202UB          2         D17_3M.MONTH MOVED IN
/
/
/~IF 95(1)
/   In what month and year did you move into this ranch?
/~ELSE 95(2)
/   In what month and year did you move into this farm?
/~ELSE
/   In what month and year did you move into this (house/apartment)?
/~END
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q203UB          4         D17_3Y.YEAR MOVED IN
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
* SKIP TO D52
J204  789                 203(A)
********************R LIVES IN MULTIPLE HU STRUCTURE****************************
Q204B                     D18.OWN ENTIRE BUILDING OR UNIT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you own the entire building or just your unit?
/~ELSE
/   Do you and your family living here own the entire building or 
/  just your unit?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Entire building
C2                        Just R's unit
*              Entire building. . . . . .(GO TO Q.18.1) . . . . . .1
*              Just R's unit. . . . . . .(SKIP TO Q.19) . . . . . .2
J205  204                B204(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J205  207                 204(2.K2.K3)
Q205UB          4         D18_1.HOW MANY UNITS IN BUILDING?
/
/
/   How many housing units are in this building?
/
/                 ^B UNITS
V                         !.U_,___.!(2/9999)
Q206B      98             D18_2.OWN UNIT SEPARATELY FROM REST OF BUILDING?
/
/
/   Do you own your unit separately from the rest of the building?
/
/                    ^B
Q207UB          8         D19.CURRENT VALUE OF HOME/PROPERTY
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 204(2).(204(1)+206(1))
/  The following questions about your home refer to your unit only.  
/~ELSE 204(1)+206(N1)
/  The following questions refer to the entire building.
/~END
/  What is the current value of this (home and land/apartment/property)?  
/  I mean, about what would it bring if it were sold today?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  PROPERTY REFERS TO WHATEVER PART R OWNS OF THEIR
/    HOUSE AND LOT, APARTMENT, BUILDING, FARM OR RANCH. INCLUDE THE
/    PART OF THE PROPERTY THAT R OWNS; FOR FARMS/RANCHES, INCLUDE ALL
/    OWNED LAND AND STRUCTURES.
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
*CAPI NOTE: TEXT FILL FOR D19 USED IF D18.1="Y"
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J208  209                 207(0+"0")
Q208T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^207
C2                        3
J209  207                B208("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q209B                     D20GFT.GIFT/INHERITANCE-R PURCHASED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   In what month and year did you first purchase any part of this property? 
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                 ^B
/   
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
C0
C1                        GIFT/INHERITANCE
C2                        R PURCHASED
J210  209                B209(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q210UB          2         D20M.MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q211UB          4         D20Y.YEAR PURCHASED/RECEIVED
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J212  209                B210(GQ4)+211(1995)=DATE MUST PRE-DATE DATE OF INTERVIE
/W!
*CAPI NOTE:  TREAT THE SAME AS D11.3.
Q212UB          8         D21.COST OF HOME/LAND
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   How much did it cost when you originally acquired it?
/
/   INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J213  773                 212(0+"0")
Q213T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^212
C2                        4
J773  212                B213("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q773B                     D21_1.CHANCES OF LIVING HERE
/
/    (SHOW CARD 4) 
/    We are interested in your view of the chance that you will be staying
/    at your current address for the next two years.  Using any number from 
/    zero to 100, where zero equals no chance and 100 equals absolutely 
/    certain, what do you think the chances are that you will be living at 
/    your current address two years from now?
/  
/    INTERVIEWER: ROUND TO CLOSEST NUMBER DISPLAYED
/
/                    ^B
C0                          0. No chance
C1
C10                        10.
C20                        20.
C30                        30.
C40                        40.
C50                        50. 50-50 chance 
C60                        60.
C70                        70.
C80                        80.
C90                        90.
C100                      100. Absolutely certain
G                         1,0,10,20,30,40,50,60,70,80,90,100
J214  773                B773(1)=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q214UB          7         D22.REAL ESTATE TAXES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 134(1)
/   What are the real estate taxes on this home and land?
/~ELSE 134(2)
/   What are the real estate taxes on this land?
/~ELSE 134(3)
/   What are the real estate taxes on this home?
/~ELSE 107(1)
/~IF 95(2)
/   What are the real estate taxes on this farm?
/~ELSE 95(1)
/   What are the real estate taxes on this ranch?
/~END
/~ELSE 107(2)
/~IF 95(1)
/   What are the real estate taxes on the part of the ranch you own?
/~ELSE 95(2)
/   What are the real estate taxes on the part of the farm you own?
/~END
/~ELSE 204(2)
/   What are the real estate taxes on this unit?
/~ELSE
/   What are the real estate taxes on this property?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J215  218                 214(0+"0")
Q215T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^214
C2                        7
J216  214                B215("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J216  218                 215(0)
Q216B      102            D22F.FREQUENCY OF TAXES
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often do you pay this amount?
/
/                    ^B
J217  216                B216(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J217  218                 216(N20)
Q217U                     D22FV.
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q218B                     D23.MORTGAGE OR LAND CONTRACT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    Is there a mortgage or land contract on this (home/home and land/
/    apartment/property)? (Do not include home equity loans or lines
/    of credit.)
/
/    (IF R SAYS BOTH MORTGAGE AND LAND CONTRACT, CHOOSE MORTGAGE)
/
/                   ^B
C0
C1                        Yes, mortgage
C2                        Yes, land contract
C3                        No
J219  218                B218(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J219  224                 218(A+N1)
Q219B      98             D24.FHA OR VA?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/  Is the first or main mortgage a federally guaranteed mortgage, 
/  such as FHA or VA?
/
/                    ^B
J220  219                B219(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J220  221                 219(1)
Q220B      98             D24_1.PRIVATE MORTGAGE INSURANCE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   Does this mortgage carry any type of private mortgage insurance or
/   PMI against default?
/   (IF R ASKS:  DO NOT INCLUDE MORTGAGE LIFE INSURANCE.)
/
/                     ^B
J221  220                B220(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J221  224                 220(A)
Q221B                     D25.FHA, VA, OR OTHER PROGRAM?
/
/
/   Is it an FHA mortgage, a VA mortgage, or is it from some other program?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        FHA
C2                        VA
C3                        Other
J222  221                B221(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J222  223                 221(N3)
Q222U                     D25V.SPECIFY
/
/   PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q223U                     D26.WHY CHOSEN
/
/
/   Why did you choose this type of loan?
V                         M!a_!
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN MORTGAGE LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q224S                     STEPTHRU.
C1                        mortgage/land contract
C2                        2nd mortgage/land contract
C3                        loan
J225  224                 224(1)+218(3.K2.K3)
J225  273                 224(2)+218(3.K2.K3)
J225  224                 224(2)+272(3)
Q225UB          2         D27M.MONTH MORTGAGE OBTAINED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 224(L3)
/~IF 218(1).240(1)
/   About this mortgage, in what month and year did you obtain or 
/   last refinance it? 
/~ELSE
/   About this land contract, in what month and year did you obtain or 
/   last refinance it?
/~END
/~ELSE 
/   About this loan, in what month and year did you obtain or last 
/   refinance it?
/~END 
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                    ^B      ^B
/                    MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q226UB          4         D27Y.YEAR MORTGAGE OBTAINED
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
*IF D27 NE D20 OR D11.3 SKIP TO D27.2.  IF D27 = D20 OR D11.3 GO TO
*27.1. DK/REF FOLLOWS THE NE PATH.
J227  230                 224(3)
J227  225                B226(LQ211.LQ143)+226(G0)=REFINANCE DATE MUST BE LATER 
/THAN PURCHASE DATE!
J227  225                B225(LQ210)+225(G0)+226(Q211)=REFINANCE DATE MUST BE LA
/TER THAN PURCHASE DATE!
J227  225                B225(LQ142)+225(G0)+226(Q143)=REFINANCE DATE MUST BE LA
/TER THAN PURCHASE DATE!
J227  228                 226(NQ211)+211(G0)
J227  228                 226(G0)+211(A+0)
J227  228                 226(G0)+143(A+0)
J227  228                 226(NQ143)+143(G0)
Q227B      98             D27_1.ASSUMED FROM PREVIOUS OWNER?
/
/
/
/~IF 224(1)
/~IF 218(1).240(1)
/   Was this mortgage assumed from the previous owner?
/~ELSE
/   Was this land contract assumed from the previous owner?
/~END
/~ELSE
/   Was this second mortgage assumed from the previous owner?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
*(ALL SKIP TO D28)
J228  227                B227(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J228  230                 227(A)
J228  230                 224(G1)
Q228B                     D27_2.REFINANCE OR ROLLOVER
/
/
/   Did you take out this mortgage to:
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        refinance or rollover an earlier loan,
C2                        borrow additional money on your home equity,
C3                        or to do both?
J229  230                 228(1.K2.K3)
Q229U                     D27_3.
/
/
/   For what purpose was the money used?
V                         M!a_!
Q230UB          8         D28.AMOUNT BORROWED OR REFINANCED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   How much did you borrow or refinance?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/          ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q231T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^230
C2                        4
J232  230                B231("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q232UB          8         D29.AMOUNT STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   How much is still owed on this loan?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/          ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q233T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^232
C2                        4
J234  232                B233("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q234B                     D30.YEARS, PAYMENTS, NO SET #
/
/
/    How many years or payments did you agree upon when the loan was
/    taken out or refinanced?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER OF YEARS
C2                        ENTER NUMBER OF PAYMENTS
C3                        NO SET NUMBER OF YEARS OR PAYMENTS
J235  234                B234(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J235  236                 234(2)
J235  237                 234(K2.K3)
J235  241                 234(3)
Q235UB          2         D30YS.NUMBER OF YEARS
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         !U__!(1/99)
J236  237                 234(1)
Q236UB          3         D30PAY.NUMBER OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         !U___!(1/999)
Q237UB          6         D31.AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    How much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
J238  237                B237(GQ230)+230(G0)=PAYMENTS CANNOT BE > THAN AMOUNT BO
/RROWED/OWED!
J238  237                B237(GQ232)+232(G0)=PAYMENTS CANNOT BE > THAN AMOUNT BO
/RROWED/OWED!
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J238  241                 237(0+"0").237("NT")
Q238T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^237
C2                        7
J239  237                B238("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J239  241                 238(0)
Q239B                     D31F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they due?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J240  239                B239(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J240  241                 239(N20)
Q240U                     D31FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J241  245                 238(G0).237(K2)
Q241UB          7         D31_1.AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    What is the typical payment?   
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range,NT",0/9999999)
J242  241                B241(GQ230)+230(G0)=PAYMENTS CANNOT BE > THAN AMOUNT BO
/RROWED!
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J242  245                 241(0+"0").241("NT")
Q242T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^241
C2                        7
J243  241                B242("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J243  245                 242(0)
Q243B                     D31_1F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J244  243                B243(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J244  245                 243(N20)
Q244U                     D31_1FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J245  250                 242(0)+241(A)
J245  246                 237(K2)+238(0)
J245  246                 224(G1)
Q245B                     D32.PAYMENT INCLUDE TAXES/INSURANCE?
/
/
/   Does the amount include property taxes or home owners insurance? 
/   (Which?)
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Taxes only
C2                        Insurance only
C3                        Both
C4                        Neither
J246  245                B245(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q246B                     D33.WILL THERE BE BALLOON PAYMENT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   Will the (regular) payments repay the loan completely, or will there be 
/   a balance payable, or "balloon" payment, when the loan is due?
/
/                   ^B
C0
C1                        Repay completely
C2                        Balloon
*Repay completely (SKIP TO Q.34)
*Balloon (GO TO Q.33.1)
J247  246                B246(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J247  249                 246(N2)
Q247UB          7         D33_1.AMOUNT OF BALLOON PAYMENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   What will the balance due or balloon payment be?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q248T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^247
C2                        4
J249  247                B248("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J249  250                 234(3)
Q249B                     D34.AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHEDULE?
/
/
/   Are you paying off this loan ahead of schedule, behind schedule, 
/   or are the payments about on schedule?
/
/                   ^B
C0
C1                        On schedule
C2                        Ahead of schedule
C3                        Behind schedule
J250  249                B249(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J250  251                 249(1)
Q250UB          4         D34_1.YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN
/
/
/   When do you expect this loan to be repaid?
/
/                  ^B
/                  YEAR
V                         (1995/2030,U2031/2050){NNNN}
Q251UB          5         D35.ANNUAL INTEREST RATE ON LOAN
/
/
/   What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on the loan?
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q252B                     D36.INSTITUTION
/   Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any of the
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/    ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BNK
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
C17                       INSURANCE CO
C18                       MORTGAGE CO
C19                       CONTRACTOR/DEVELOPER
C20                       PRIOR OWNER
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11,12,14,17/20=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/7,11,12,14,17/20
J253  252                B252(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J253  253  254            M43(Q252)+45("<")
Q253B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q252)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J254  255                 252(N7)
Q254U                     D36V.SPECIFY
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J255  258                 227(1)
J255  256                 224(G1)
Q255B      98             D36_1.SAME INSTITUTION AS ORIG. LOAN?
/
/
/   Is this the same institution as the one from which you originally
/   took out this loan?
/
/                    ^B
J256  255                B255(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J256  258                 224(1)
Q256B                     D37.LOAN USED TO PURCHASE HOME?
/
/
/   Was the money from this loan used for the purchase of this home 
/   or for some other purpose?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Home purchase
C2                        Home improvements
C7                        Other
J257  256                B256(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J257  258                 256(N7)
Q257U                     D37V.PURPOSE OF LOAN
/
/
/    What other purpose?
V                         M!a_!
* (SKIP TO Q.39)
J258  260                 224(G1)
Q258B                     D38.REASON CHOSE LENDER
/
/
/   (SHOW CARD 5)
/~IF 255(2)
/   What was the most important reason you chose the original lender? 
/~ELSE
/   What is the most important reason you chose this lender? 
/~END
/   (Was it because they were recommended to you, because they had low
/   interest rates, because of the location of their offices, because you 
/   had done other business with them, because it was easier to qualify 
/   for the loan, or for some other reason?)
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Recommended
C2                        Low interest
C3                        Location
C4                        Other business
C5                        Easy to qualify
C6                        Other
J259  258                B258(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J259  260                 258(N6)
Q259U                     D38V.SPECIFY
/
/   PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q260B      98             D39.ADJUSTABLE RATE LOAN?
/
/~IF 224(3)
/   Is this an adjustable rate loan; that is, does it have 
/   an interest rate that can rise or fall from time to time?
/~ELSE
/   Is this an adjustable rate mortgage; that is, does it have 
/   an interest rate that can rise or fall from time to time?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J261  260                B260(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J261  272                 224(1)+260(A+N1)
J261  273                 224(G1)
Q261B      98             D39_1.RATE CHANGE DEPEND ON OTHER INTEREST RATE?
/
/
/   Does the change in your interest rate depend on some other interest rate?
/         
/                    ^B
J262  261                B261(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J262  263                 261(A+N1)
Q262U                     D39_1V.WHAT OTHER RATE?
/
/
/   On what other rate does it depend?
V                         M!a_!
Q263UB          2         D39_3.HOW OFTEN CAN RATE CHANGE?
/
/
/   How often can your interest rate change?             
/                    
/     NUMBER OF TIMES: ^B
/
/                      ^B
/
/
/                      ^B
V                         !U__!(1/99)
J264  265                 263(0)
Q264B                     D39_3F.FREQUENCY OF RATE CHANGE      
C0   /12   102  0
C13                       Every three years
C15                       Continuously floating rate/whenever rate changes
C16                       Per 7 years
C19                       In total
C20                       Other
G                         0,2/4,12,5,6,13,16,15,19,20
Q265B                     .
C1                        PRESS [ENTER] TO CONTINUE
J266  263                B264(15)+263(N1)=NUMBER OF TIMES MUST BE '1' IF 'Contin
/uously floating..'!
J266  264                B264(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J266  267                 264(N20)
Q266U                     D39_3FV.SPECIFY
/
/   PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q267B      98             D39_4.SIZE OF PAYMENTS CHANGE WITH RATE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   When the interest rate on your mortgage changes, does the size of 
/   your monthly payments also change?
/
/                    ^B
J268  267                B267(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q268UB          5         D39_5.MOST RATE CAN RISE AT ONE TIME
/
/
/    What is the most the rate can rise at any one time?     
/
/    (POINTS = PERCENTAGE POINTS)       
/
/    IF NO LIMIT, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                    ^B/POINTS
V                         !.A__.__%!("NT",0/100)
*NO LIMIT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .9995
Q269UB          5         D39_6.ORIGINAL INTEREST RATE
/
/
/   What was the interest rate on this mortgage when you first got it?
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q270UB          5         D39_7.HIGHEST RATE CAN GO UP
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   What is the highest the rate can go up to over the life 
/   of the loan?
/
/   INTERVIEWER: WE WANT THE HIGHEST RATE ALLOWED, NOT THE MAXIMUM
/                AMOUNT BY WHICH THE RATE COULD RISE.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
J271  270                B270(LQ251)+270(G0)=PERCENTAGE MUST BE >= TO CURRENT PE
/RCENTAGE!
J271  270                B270(LQ269)+270(G0)=PERCENTAGE MUST BE >= TO ORIGINAL P
/ERCENTAGE!
*ITEM 39.7 CHANGED WORDING
*CAPI NOTE: D39.7 MUST BE >=D35
Q271B      98             D39_8.CONVERTIBLE MORTGAGE?
/
/
/    Is this a convertible mortgage; that is do you have an option to
/    convert it to a mortgage with a fixed interest rate?
/
/                    ^B
J272  271                B271(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J272  273                 224(G1)
Q272B                     D40.SECOND MORTGAGE/LAND CONTRACT?
/
/
/   Do you have a second mortgage or a land contract on this property?  
/   (Please do not include any home equity lines of credit.)
/
/   INTERVIEWER:
/   A HOME EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT IS AN AGREEMENT WHERE THE R CAN BORROW 
/   AT ANY TIME USING THE HOUSE AS COLLATERAL, UP TO SOME LIMIT.
/
/   A HOME EQUITY LOAN IS A FIXED LENGTH, FIXED MONTHLY PAYMENT LOAN.
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Yes, second mortgage
C2                        Yes, land contract
C3                        No
J273  272                B272(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J273  224                 272(1.2)
J273  274                 224(3)
Q273B      98             D40_1.OTHER LOANS W/PROPERTY AS COLLATERAL?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 218(L3)
/   Do you have any other loans that use this property as collateral?
/~ELSE
/   Do you have any loans that use this property as collateral?
/~END
/   (Please do not include any home equity lines of credit.)
/
/                    ^B
J224  274                 273(2.K2.K3)
J224  273                B273(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R224  273                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END MORTGAGE LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q274B      19             D41.OWE ON OTHER LOANS FOR PROPERTY?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 218(L3)
/   Do you owe money on any other loans used for the purchase of 
/   this property, such as loans from relatives or the seller?  
/~ELSE
/   Do you owe money on any loans used for the purchase of 
/   this property, such as loans from relatives or the seller?  
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 238(L3)
/   Do you and your family living here owe money on any other loans 
/   used for the purchase of this property, such as loans from 
/   relatives or the seller?
/~ELSE
/   Do you and your family living here owe money on any loans 
/   used for the purchase of this property, such as loans from 
/   relatives or the seller?
/~END
/~END
/   (Please do not include any home equity lines of credit.)
/
/                    ^B
* No.(SKIP TO Q.52)
J275  274                B274(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J275  789                 274(A+N1)
Q275UB          2         D42M.MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT
/
/
/   In what month and year was this loan taken out?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                  ^B      ^B
/                  MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q276UB          4         D42Y.YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J277  276                 276(LQ211.LQ143)+276(G0)=REFINANCE DATE MUST BE LATER 
/THAN PURCHASE DATE!
Q277UB          7         D43.AMOUNT BORROWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   How much was borrowed, not including finance charges?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J278  279                 277(0+"0")
Q278T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^277
C2                        6
J279  277                B278("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q279B                     D44.REGULAR INSTALLMENT LOAN?
/
/
/   Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed dollar 
/   amount each month for a fixed number of months until the loan is 
/   repaid, or some other kind?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Regular installment
C2                        Other kind
J280  279                B279(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J280  288                 279(2)
Q280B      234            D45.YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/
/
/   How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when the loan 
/   was received?
/
/                    ^B
J281  280                B280(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J281  282                 280(A+N1)
Q281UB          2         D45YS.NUMBER OF YEARS
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         !U__!(1/99)
J282  283                 280(N2)
Q282UB          3         D45PAY.NUMBER OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         !U___!(1/999)
J283  284  
Q283X      
C1                         other
C2
G                         1=76(1)
G                         2=76(N1)
J284  283                B283(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J284  288                 280(3)
Q284UB          5         D46.AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   How much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J285  288                 284(0+"0").284("NT")
Q285T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^284
C2                        7
J286  284                B285("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J286  288                 285(0)
Q286B                     D46F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J287  286                B286(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J287  288                 286(N20)
Q287U                     D46FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J288  292                 286(G0).284(K2)
Q288UB          6         D47.AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   What is the typical payment?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J289  292                 288(0+"0").288("NT")
Q289T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^288
C2                        7
J290  288                B289("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J290  292                 289(0)
Q290B                     D47F.FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PAYMENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J291  290                B290(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J291  292                 290(N20)
Q291U                     D47FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J292  293                 288(A)
Q292B                     D47_1.AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHEDULE
/
/
/   Are you paying off this loan ahead of schedule, behind schedule, 
/   or are the payments about on schedule?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        On schedule
C2                        Ahead of schedule
C3                        Behind schedule
J293  292                B292(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J293  297                 292(1)
Q293UB          2         D48M.MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN
/
/
/   In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                  ^B      ^B
/                  MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q294UB          4         D48Y.YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN
V                         (1995/2030,U2031/2050){NNNN}
J295  293                B294(L1995)+294(G0)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE PAST!
J295  293                B294(1995)+293(LQ4)+293(G0)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE PAST!
J295  293                B294(LQ276)+294(G0)=DATE LOAN WAS TAKEN OUT MUST PRECED
/E DATE REPAID!
J295  297                 292(1)
Q295UB          7         D49.AMOUNT STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   How much is still owed on this loan?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q296T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^295
C2                        6
J297  295                B296("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q297UB          5         D50.ANNUAL INTEREST RATE
/
/
/   What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on this loan?
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
*CAPI NOTE: FI MUST KEY THE DECIMAL POINT
Q298B                     D51.INSTITUTION
/ 
/   Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any of the
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  
/
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/    ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11/14=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/14
J299  298                B298(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J299  299  300            M43(Q298)+45("<")
Q299B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q298)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J300  789                 298(N7)
Q300U                     D51V.SPECIFY
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J789  301                 773(A)
Q789B      773            D51_1.CHANCES STILL LIVING HERE
/
/    (SHOW CARD 4) 
/    We are interested in your view of the chance that you will be staying
/    at your current address for the next two years.  Using any number from 
/    zero to 100, where zero equals no chance and 100 equals absolutely 
/    certain, what do you think the chances are that you will be living at 
/    your current address two years from now?
/  
/    INTERVIEWER: ROUND TO CLOSEST NUMBER DISPLAYED
/
/                    ^B
J301  789                B789(1)=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q301B      98             D52.HAVE LINES OF CREDIT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 107(3.4.6).134(4.5).184(2.7)
/   Do you have any lines of credit, not counting credit cards
/   or business lines of credit?  Please include such lines of credit 
/   even if you are not currently drawing against them.  
/~ELSE
/   Do you have a home equity line of credit or any other lines of 
/   credit, not counting credit cards or business lines of credit?  
/   Please include such lines of credit even if you are not currently 
/   drawing against them.  
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 107(3.4.6).134(4.5).184(2.7)
/   Do you or anyone in your family living here have any lines 
/   of credit, not counting credit cards or business lines of credit?  
/   Please include such lines of credit even if you are not currently 
/   drawing against them.
/~ELSE
/   Do you or anyone in your family living here have a home equity line 
/   of credit or any other lines of credit, not counting credit cards or 
/   business lines of credit?  Please include such lines of credit even if 
/   you are not currently drawing against them.
/~END
/~END
/
/   (IF R ASKS: A LINE OF CREDIT IS A FORMAL AGREEMENT WITH A LENDER THAT
/   ALLOWS R TO BORROW UP TO AN AGREED UPON LIMIT AND PAY IT OFF AS R DESIRES.
/   A HOME EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT IS A LINE OF CREDIT SECURED BY THE EQUITY IN 
/   R'S HOME.) 
/
/                    ^B
* No . . . . . . . . .(SKIP TO Q.54) . . . . . . . .2
*TEXT FILL ADDED. IF D5=03, 04, 0R 06, OR IF D11 = 04 OR 05, OR IF D16 = 02
* OR 07 OMIT TEXT IN ().  ELSE USE TEXT FILL INDICATED ("A HOME EQUITY LINE
*OF CREDIT OR ANY OTHER LINES OF CREDIT...").
J302  301                B301(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J302  324                 301(2.K2.K3)
Q302UB          2         D53.# OF LINES OF CREDIT
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How many lines of credit do you have?
/~ELSE
/   How many lines of credit do you and your family living here have?
/~END
/
/             # LINES OF CREDIT: ^B
V                         !U__!(1/99)
*ASK D53.1 ONLY IF TEXT FILL USED IN D52
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN LINE OF CREDIT LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q303S                     .
C1                        LINE OF CREDIT #1
C2                        LINE OF CREDIT #2
C3                        LINE OF CREDIT #3
J304  305                 107(3.4.6).134(4.5).184(2.7)
Q304B      98             D53_1.SECURED BY EQUITY IN HOME?
/    ^303
/
/~IF 302(1)
/    Is this line of credit secured by the equity in your home?
/~ELSE 303(1)
/    Is the largest line of credit secured by the equity in your home?
/~ELSE
/    Is the next line of credit secured by the equity in your home?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
*ITEM D53.2 MOVED
J305  304                B304(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q305B      98             D53_2.BORROWING AGAINST LINE OF CREDIT?
/    ^303
/
/    Are you currently borrowing any money against this line of credit?
/
/                    ^B
*Yes. . . . . . . 1  (GO TO Q.53.4)
*No. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2  (SKIP TO Q.53.8)
*ITEM D53.3 ADDED
J306  305                B305(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J306  316                 305(A+N1)
Q306UB          7         D53_3.AMOUNT BORROWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/     ^303
/
/     How much did you borrow the most recent time you used this line?
/
/     IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                   ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J307  308                 306(0+"0")
Q307T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^306
C2                        6
J308  306                B307("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q308U                     D53_4.WHAT WAS MONEY USED FOR?
/    ^303
/
/    What was the money used for?  (What was its major use?)
V                         M!a_!
Q309UB          7         D53_5.AMOUNT OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/     How much is currently owed?
/
/     IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                   ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J310  311                 309(0+"0")
Q310T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^309
C2                        6
J311  309                B310("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q311UB          5         D53_6.AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/     ^303
/
/     What is the typical payment?
/
/     IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/     IF NO TYPICAL  PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                   ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
J312  311                B309(G0)+311(GQ309)=PAYMENTS MUST BE < AMOUNT OWED (^30
/9)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J312  315                 311(0+"0").311("NT")
Q312T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^311
C2                        8
J313  311                B312("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J313  315                 312(0)
Q313B                     D53_6F.FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PAYMENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J314  313                B313(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J314  315                 313(N20)
Q314U                     D53_6FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q315UB          5         D53_7.ANNUAL INTEREST RATE
/    ^303
/
/    What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on this loan? 
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q316B                     D53_8.INSTITITUTION
/^303
/
/   (Please look at the Institutions Card.)  Is this line of credit with any
/   of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/      ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BNK
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
C16                       BROKERAGE
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11,12,14,16=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/7,11,12,14,16
J317  316                B316(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J317  317  318            M43(Q316)+45("<")
Q317B      
/      ^303
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q316)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J318  319                 316(N7)
Q318U                     D53_8V.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q319UB          7         D53_9.MAXIMUM AMOUNT CAN BORROW
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/   ^303
/
/~IF 310(G0)
/   What is the maximum amount you could borrow on this 
/   line of credit (including what you owe now)?  
/~ELSE
/   What is the maximum amount you could borrow on this line of credit?  
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*ITEM MOVED AND CHANGED.  USE TEXT FILL IF D53.3="Y"
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J320  321                 319(0+"0")
Q320T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^319
C2                        6
J321  319                B320("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J321  322                 303(3)+302(G3)=:1:
Q321B      98             D53_10.ANOTHER LINE OF CREDIT?
/
/~IF 303(LQ302)
/   INTERVIEWER: CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ON ANOTHER LINE OF CREDIT?
/~ELSE
/   Is there another line of credit?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
*YES.(REASK Q53.1-53.9) . . 1
*NO. . . (GO TO Q.54). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
J303  321                B321(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J303  324                 321(2.K2.K3)+302(LE1)
J303  322                 321(2.K2.K3)+302(G1)
R303  321                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END LINE OF CREDIT LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J322  324                 321(K2.K3)
J322  322  324            321(1).303(LQ302)
Q322UB          7         D53_11.AMOUNT OWED ON REMAINING LINES OF CREDIT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   What is the total amount that you currently owe on all other 
/   remaining lines of credit?
/~ELSE
/   What is the total amount that you and your family living here
/   currently owe on all other remaining lines of credit?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J323  324                 322(0+"0")
Q323T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^322
C2                        6
J324  322                B323("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
*IF TEXT FILL NOT USED IN D52, SKIP TO SECTION E.
J324  367                 107(3.4.6).134(4.5).184(2.7)
J324  325                 256(2)=:1:
Q324B      98             D54.MADE ADDITIONS/REMODELED PROPERTY?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  Have you ever made any major additions or done extensive 
/  remodeling to this property?
/~ELSE
/  Have you and your family living here ever made any major 
/  additions or done extensive remodeling to this property?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
* No . . . . . . . . .(SKIP TO Q.66) . . . . . . . .2
J325  324                B324(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J325  361                 324(A+N1)
Q325UB          7         D54_1.COST OF ADDITIONS/REMODELING
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   Roughly what was the total cost of all remodeling or additions
/   to this property?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q326T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^325
C2                        5
J327  325                B326("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q327B      98             D54_2.ANY OTHER REMODELING LOANS
/
/       
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Other than what I have already recorded, do you owe any money 
/   on loans taken out for these projects?
/~ELSE
/   Other than what I have already recorded, do you or your family living 
/   here owe any money on loans taken out for these projects?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
* No . . . . . . . . .(SKIP TO Q.66) . . . . . . . .2
*EXACTLY THE SAME SEQUENCE AS D42-D50.
J328  327                B327(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J328  361                 327(A+N1)
Q328UB          2         D55M.MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT
/
/
/   In what month and year was the most recent loan taken out?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                  ^B      ^B
/                  MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q329UB          4         D55Y.YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J330  328                B328(GQ4)+329(1995)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE FUTURE!
J330  328                B329(LQ211.LQ143)+329(G0)=REFINANCE DATE MUST BE LATER 
/THAN PURCHASE DATE!
Q330UB          7         D56.AMOUNT BORROWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   How much was borrowed, not including finance charges?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J331  332                 330(0+"0")
Q331T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^330
C2                        6
J332  330                B331("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q332B                     D57.REGULAR INSTALLMENT LOAN?
/
/
/   Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed dollar 
/   amount each month for a fixed number of months until the loan is 
/   repaid, or some other kind?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Regular installment
C2                        Other kind
J333  332                B332(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J333  341                 332(2)
Q333B      234            D58.YEARS OR PAYMENTS?
/
/
/   How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when the loan 
/   was received?
/
/                    ^B
J334  333                B333(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J334  335                 333(A+N1)
Q334UB          2         D58YS.NUMBER OF YEARS
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         !U__!(0/99)
J335  337                 333(N2)
Q335UB          3         D58PAY.NUMBER OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         !U___!(0/999)
*                  NO SET # . . . . . .(SKIP TO Q.60) . . .996
*                  DON'T KNOW . . . . .(SKIP TO Q.60) . . .998
J337  341                 333(3)
Q337UB          5         D59.AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    How much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J338  341                 337(0+"0").337("NT")
Q338T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^337
C2                        8
J339  337                B338("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J339  341                 338(0)
Q339B                     D59F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J340  339                B339(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J340  341                 339(N20)
Q340U                     D59FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J341  345                 339(G0).337(K2)
Q341UB          6         D60.AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   What is the typical payment?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/   IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J342  345                 341(0+"0").341("NT")
Q342T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^341
C2                        8
J343  341                B342("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J343  345                 342(0)
Q343B                     D60F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J344  343                B343(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J344  345                 343(N20)
Q344U                     D60FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J345  346                 341(A)
Q345B                     D60_1.AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHEDULE
/
/
/   Are you paying off this loan ahead of schedule, behind schedule, 
/   or are the payments about on schedule?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        On schedule
C2                        Ahead of schedule
C3                        Behind schedule
J346  345                B345(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J346  350                 345(1)
Q346UB          2         D61M.MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN
/
/
/   In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                  ^B      ^B
/                  MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q347UB          4         D61Y.YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN
V                         (1995/2030,U2031/2050){NNNN}
J348  346                 347(1995)+346(G0+LQ4)=DATE MUST NOT BE IN THE PAST!
J348  347                 347(LQ211.LQ143)+347(G0)=REFINANCE DATE MUST BE LATER 
/THAN PURCHASE DATE!
J348  350                 345(1)
Q348UB          7         D62.AMOUNT STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   How much is still owed on this loan?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q349T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^348
C2                        6
J350  348                B349("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
*(SKIP TO Q.63)
Q350UB          5         D63.CURRENT INTEREST RATE CHARGED
/
/
/   What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on this loan?
/
/                    ^B%
V                         !.U__.__!(0/100)
Q351B                     D64.INSTITUTION
/   Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any of the
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?
/
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/    ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BNK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11/14=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/14
J352  351                B351(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J352  352  353            M43(Q351)+45("<")
Q352B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q351)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J353  354                 351(N7)
Q353U                     D64V.SPECIFY
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q354B      98             D65.OWE ON MORE IMPROVEMENT LOANS?
/
/
/   Do you owe money on more than one loan for home additions or 
/   improvements to this property?
/
/                    ^B
*No . . . . . . . . .(SKIP TO Q.66) . . . . . . . .2
J355  354                B354(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J355  361                 354(A+N1)
Q355UB          7         D65_1.AMOUNT OWED ON OTHER LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   Altogether, how much is still owed on all other loans for additions 
/   or improvements to this property?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J356  357                 355(0+"0")
Q356T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^355
C2                        7
J357  355                B356("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q357UB          6         D65_2.AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    Altogether, how much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J358  361                 357(0+"0").357("NT")
Q358T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^357
C2                        8
J359  357                B358("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J359  361                 358(0)
Q359B                     D65_2F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J360  359                B359(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J360  361                 359(N20)
Q360U                     D65_2FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J361  362                 95(1/2)=:1:
J361  362                 95(N1/2)=:2:
Q361       98             D66.FARM OR RANCH?
/
/
/   INTERVIEWER: DOES R LIVE ON A RANCH OR FARM?
*Yes..(SKIP TO SECTION E)
J362  361                B361(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J362  367                 361(1)
Q362B      98             D67.RENT ANY PORTION OF HOUSE/LOT/APARTMENT?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you rent out any portion of this (house or lot/apartment/mobile 
/   home/building) to others?
/~ELSE
/   Do you or anyone in your family here rent out any portion of this 
/   (house or lot/apartment/mobile home/building) to others?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
*No . . . . . . . . .(SKIP TO SECTION E). . . . . .2
J363  362                B362(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J363  367                 362(A+N1)
Q363UB          5         D67_1.AMOUNT OF RENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    How much rent do you collect?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J364  367                 363(0+"0")
Q364T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^363
C2                        8
J365  366                B364("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J365  367                 364(0)
Q365B      102            D67_1F.FREQUENCY OF RENT
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount collected?
/
/                    ^B
J366  365                B365(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J366  367                 365(N20)
Q366U                     D67_1FV.
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
********************************************************************************
*              SECTION E: OTHER PROPERTIES,LAND CONTRACTS                      *
********************************************************************************
Q367B      19             E1. LOANED BUYER MONEY
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Have you ever sold any real estate for which you loaned money to 
/    the buyer?  Please include accepting a note, land contract, or 
/    mortgage from the buyer.
/~ELSE
/    Have you or anyone in your family living here ever sold 
/    any real estate for which you loaned money to the buyer?
/    Please include accepting a note, land contract, or mortgage
/    from the buyer.
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         B
J368  367                B367(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J368  401                 367(A+N1)
Q368B      19             E2. BUYER STILL OWE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Does the buyer still owe you money on any of these notes, 
/    land contracts, or mortgages?
/~ELSE
/    Does the buyer still owe your family money on any
/    of these notes, land contracts, or mortgages?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J369  368                B368(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J369  401                 368(A+N1)
Q369UB          2         E2_1. HOW MANY LOANS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Altogether, on how many such loans are you owed money?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether, on how many such loans is your family owed money?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         (1/10,U11/99){Nn}
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN MORTGAGE OWED TO R LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q370S                     MORTGAGE STEP-THROUGH
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
Q371B                     E3. LAND/MORTGAGE/ELSE
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 369(1)+370(1)
/    About this loan, is it a land contract, a mortgage, or something else?
/~ELSE
/~IF 370(1)
/    About the largest loan, is it a land contract, a mortgage,
/~ELSE
/    About the next largest loan, is it a land contract, a mortgage,
/~END
/    or something else?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        land contract
C2                        mortgage
C3                        something else
J373  371                B371(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J372  373  
Q372X      
C1                        land contract
C2                        mortgage
C3                        loan
G                         1=371(1)
G                         2=371(2)
G                         3=371(3.K2.K3)
J373  376                 371(N3)
Q373U                     E3V. COMMENT FOR SOMETHING ELSE
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/
/
/
/INTERVIEWER, ASK:
/
/    What would that be?
/
/
V                         M!a_!
Q374UB          8         E4. HOW MUCH OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How much are you owed on this note?
/~ELSE
/    How much are you and your family owed on this note?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q375T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^374
C2                        3
J376  374                B375("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J376  392                 374(A)
Q376UB          2         E5M. MONTH TAKEN OUT
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    In what month and year was this ^372
/    taken out?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q377UB          4         E5Y. YEAR TAKEN OUT
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J378  376                B376(GQ4)+377(1995)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE FUTURE!
Q378UB          8         E6. HOW MUCH LEND
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How much money did you lend the borrower?
/~ELSE
/    How much money did your family lend the borrower?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q379T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^378
C2                        3
J380  378                B379("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q380UB          8         E7. HOW MUCH STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How much is still owed on this ^372?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q381T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^380
C2                        3
J382  380                B381("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q382UB          7         E8. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How much are the ^372 payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range,NT",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J383  386                 382(0+"0").382("NT")
Q383T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^382
C2                        7
J384  382                B383("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J384  386                 383(0)
Q384B                     E8F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they due?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J385  384                B384(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J385  386                 384(N20)
Q385U                     E8FV.
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J386  382                B379(G0)+379(LQ383)=PAYMENTS ARE GREATER THAN AMOUNT LE
/NT TO BORROWER!
J386  392                 382("NT")
Q386B      234            E9. YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    When the ^372 was taken out, was it agreed upon that there
/    were going to be a number of years , a number of payments ,
/    or was there no set number of years or payments?
/^C1
/                        ^B
J387  386                B386(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J387  388                 386(A+N1)
Q387UB          2         E9YRS.NUMBER OF YEARS
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         !.U__.!(1/99)
J388  389                 386(N2)
Q388UB          3         E9PAY.NUMBER OF PAYMENTS
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         !.U___.!(1/999)
Q389B                     E10. PAY OFF OR BALLOON
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Will the regular payments pay off the ^372
/    completely or will there be a balance payable or "balloon" 
/    when the ^372 is due?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        BALANCE PAYABLE OR BALLOON
C2                        REPAID COMPLETELY
J390  389                B389(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J390  392                 389(A+N1)
Q390UB          7         E10_1. BALLOON BALANCE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What will the balance payable or balloon payment be?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
J391  390                B379(G0)+390(GQ379)=:~:PAYMENT SHOULD BE LESS THAN AMOU
/NT BORROWED
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J391  392                 390(0+"0")
Q391T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^390
C2                        3
J392  390                B391("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q392B      19             E11. STILL OWE MONEY?
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you still owe any money on loans for this property?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or your family living here still owe any money
/    on loans for this property?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J393  392                B392(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J393  395                 392(A+N1)
Q393UB          7         E11_1. AMOUNT STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How much do you still owe?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
J394  393                B379(G0)+393(GQ379)=:~:AMOUNT OWED SHOULD BE LESS THAN 
/AMOUNT BORROWED
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J394  395                 393(0+"0")
Q394T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^393
C2                        3
J395  393                B394("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J395  396                 370(3)+369(G3)=:1:
Q395B      19             E12. ANOTHER LOAN/LAND CONTRACT?
/~IF 370(LEQ369)
/LOAN: ^370 OF ^369
/~ELSE
/LOAN: ^370
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 370(LQ369)
/     INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ANOTHER
/                   LOAN/LAND CONTRACT?
/~ELSE
/     Are there any other such real estate loans or land contracts
/     where the buyer owes you money?
/~END
/
/^C1
/
/                             ^B
J370  398                 395(2.K2.K3)+369(L1)
J370  401                 395(2.K2.K3)+369(1)
J370  396                 395(2.K2.K3)+369(G1)
J370  395                B395(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R370  395                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END MORTGAGE OWED TO R LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J396  401                 395(K2.K3)
J396  396  401            395(1).370(LQ369)
Q396UB          9         E13. AMOUNT OWED IN REMAINING LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    About how much in total is owed to you on the remaining notes, 
/    land contracts, or mortgages?
/~ELSE
/    About how much in total is owed to your family on the remaining 
/    notes, land contracts, or mortgages?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J397  398                 396(0+"0")
Q397T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^396
C2                        3
J398  396                B397("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q398B      19             E13_1. STILL OWE ON OTHER?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you still owe any money on loans for these other properties?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or your family here still owe any money on loans
/    for these other properties?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J399  398                B398(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J399  401                 398(A+N1)
Q399UB          9         E13_2. AMOUNT OWE IN REMAINING LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Altogether how much do you still owe?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether how much does your family still owe?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J400  401                 399(0+"0")
Q400T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^399
C2                        3
J401  399                B400("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J401  402                 206(1)=:1:
Q401B      19             E14. OWN OTHER REAL ESTATE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you own any (other) real estate such as a lot, vacation home, 
/    timeshare, apartment building, commercial property, or other 
/    investment property, including properties owned in partnership with
/    other people?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family living here own any (other) real 
/    estate such as a lot, vacation home, timeshare, apartment building, 
/    commercial property, or other investment property, including 
/    properties owned in partnership with other people?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J402  401                B401(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J402  481                 401(A+N1)
J402  403                 206(1)=:2:
Q402B      19             E14_1. OWNED BY BUSINESS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are any of these properties owned by a business?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
/
/    (IF YES, SAY: I'll ask about those properties later).
J403  402                B402(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q403UB          3         E15. PROPERTIES W/INTEREST IN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How many properties that are not owned by a business do
/    you own or have an interest in?  
/~ELSE
/    How many properties that are not owned by a business do you 
/    and your family living here own or have an interest in?
/~END
/~IF 206(1)
/~IF 205(1/2)
/    Earlier you told me you own your home separately from the other
/    unit you own on the property.  Please include the rest of the
/    property here.
/~ELSE
/    Earlier you told me you own your home separately from the other
/    units you own on the property.  Please include the rest of the
/    property here.
/~END
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         (0/50,U51/999){Nnn}
J404  403                B403(0+"0")+401(1)+402(2)=R HAS OTHER REAL ESTATE THAT 
/IS NOT OWNED BY BUSINESSES
J404  481                 403(0+"0").403(K2)
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN PROPERTY LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q404S                     PROPERTY STEP-THROUGH
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
Q405U                     E16. TYPE OF PROPERTY
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 206(1)+403(G1)+404(1)
/    I want to ask first about the property where you live.
/    In the questions that follow, please give me the amounts
/    for the building excluding your unit.
/~ELSE 206(1)+403(1)+404(1)
/    I want to ask about the property where you live.
/    In the questions that follow, please give me the amounts
/    for the building excluding your unit.
/~ELSE 206(N1)+403(G1.K2.K3)+404(1)
/    I want to ask first about the most valuable property.
/~ELSE 206(N1)+403(1)
/    About the property.....
/~ELSE 404(G1)
/    About the next most valuable property.....
/~END
/
/    What type of property is this?
/
V                         M!a_!
Q406B                     E17. OWNED BY YOU, JOINTLY, PARTNER...
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Is this property owned by you, is it owned jointly with others, 
/    owned by a partnership, is it a timeshare, or what?
/~ELSE
/    Is this property owned by you and your family living here,
/    is it owned jointly with others, owned by a partnership,
/    is it a timeshare, or what?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        OWNED BY R OR FAMILY LIVING THERE
C2                        OWNED JOINTLY
C3                        PARTNERSHIP
C4                        REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT, TRUST
C5                        TIMESHARE
C7                        OTHER
J407  406                B406(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J407  409                 406(1.5)
J407  408                 406(N7)
Q407U                     E17V. SPECIFY
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/
/     What would that be?
/
/
V                         M!a_!
Q408UB          5         E17_1. PERCENTAGE OWNED
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What percentage of the property do you own?
/~ELSE
/    What percentage of the property do you and your family 
/    living here own?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/100)
Q409UB          9         E18. WORTH IF SOLD TODAY
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 406(5)
/    How much in total is this timeshare worth?
/~ELSE
/    How much in total is this property worth?
/~END
/    I mean, what would it bring if it were sold today?
/
/~IF 406(N5)
/ INTERVIEWER: WE WANT THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE PROPERTY, NOT JUST R'S SHARE.
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q410T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^409
C2                        1
J411  409                B410("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q411B                     E19. GIFT/INHERITANCE-R PURCHASED
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 406(1)
/    In what month and year did you first purchase this property?
/~ELSE 406(N5)
/    In what month and year did you first purchase any part of 
/    this property?
/~ELSE
/    In what month and year did you first purchase this timeshare?
/~END
/    (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                 ^B
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
C0
C1                        GIFT/INHERITANCE
C2                        R PURCHASED
J412  411                B411(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q412UB          2         E19M.MONTH PURCHASED
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q413UB          4         E19Y.YEAR PURCHASED
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J414  412                B413(1995)+412(GQ4)=DATE MUST PRECEDE TODAYS DATE!
Q414UB          9         E20. TOTAL PURHCASE PRICE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 411(1)
/    What was the value of the property when received?
/~ELSE
/~IF 406(5)
/    What was the purchase price of your timeshare?
/~ELSE
/    What was the total purchase price?
/~END
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J415  416                 414(0+"0")
Q415T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^414
C2                        1
J416  414                B415("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q416B      19             E21. ANY OUTSTANDING LOANS?
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 406(5)
/    Are there any outstanding loans or mortgages on this
/    timeshare?
/~ELSE
/    Are there any outstanding loans or mortgages on this
/    property?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J417  416                B416(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J417  444                 416(A+N1)
Q417UB          2         E22. MONTH TAKEN OUT
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    In what month and year did you obtain or last refinance the loan?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q418UB          4         E22. YEAR TAKEN OUT
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J419  417                B418(LQ413)+418(G0)=DATE CANNOT PRECEDE PURCHASE DATE!
J419  417                B418(Q413)+418(G0)+417(LQ412)+417(G0)=DATE CANNOT PRECE
/DE PURCHASE DATE!
Q419UB          9         E23. AMOUNT BORROWED/REFINANCED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 406(5)
/    How much was borrowed or refinanced for your timeshare?
/~ELSE
/    In total, how much was borrowed or refinanced?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J420  421                 419(0+"0")
Q420T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^419
C2                        1
J421  419                B420("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q421UB          9         E24. AMOUNT STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 406(5)
/    How much is still owed?
/~ELSE
/    In total, how much is still owed?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J422  423                 421(0+"0")
Q422T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^421
C2                        1
J423  421                B422("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
*J423  421                B422(GQ420)+420(G0)=AMOUNT OWED CANNOT EXCEED AMOUNT B
*/RROWED!
Q423B      234            E25. PAYMENTS OR YEARS?
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 406(5)
/    How many years or what number of payments were agreed upon
/    when the loan was taken out?
/~ELSE
/    In total, how many years or what number of payments were agreed 
/    upon when the loan was taken out?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J424  423                B423(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J424  425                 423(A+N1)
Q424UB          2         E25YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         !.U__.!(1/99)
J425  426                 423(N2)
Q425UB          3         E25PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         !.U___.!(1/999)
J426  430                 423(3)
Q426UB          7         E26. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 406(5)
/    How much are the payments?
/~ELSE
/    In total, how much are the payments?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range,NT",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J427  430                 426(0+"0").426("NT")
Q427T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^426
C2                        6
J428  426                B427("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J428  430                 427(0)
Q428B                     E26F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they due?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J429  428                B428(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J429  430                 428(N20)
Q429U                     E26FV.SPECIFY
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J430  434                 427(G0)
J430  435                 426(K2)
Q430UB          7         E27. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What is the typical payment?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range,NT",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J431  434                 430(0+"0").430("NT")
Q431T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^430
C2                        6
J432  430                B431("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J432  434                 431(0)
Q432B                     E27F.FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PAYMENT
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J433  432                B432(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J433  434                 432(N20)
Q433U                     E27FV.SPECIFY
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J434  439                 430(A+0)+431(0)
Q434B                     E28. INCLUDE TAXES OR INSURANCE?
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Does this amount include property taxes or insurance?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:    PROBE FOR WHICH.
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        TAXES ONLY
C2                        INSURANCE ONLY
C3                        BOTH
C4                        NEITHER
J435  434                B434(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q435B                     E29. REPAY OR BALLOON
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Will the regular payments repay the loan completely or will there 
/    be a balance payable, or "balloon" payment when the loan is due?
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        REPAY COMPLETELY
C2                        BALLOON
J436  435                B435(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J436  438                 435(N2)
Q436UB          8         E29_1. AMOUNT OF BALLOON PAYMENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What will the balance due or balloon payment be?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q437T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^436
C2                        1
J438  436                B437("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J438  439                 435(N2)+(426("NT").430("NT"))
J438  439                 423(3)
Q438B                     E30. AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHEDULE
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind
/    schedule, or are the payments about on schedule?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        ON SCHEDULE
C2                        AHEAD OF SCHEDULE
C3                        BEHIND SCHEDULE
J439  438                B438(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J439  440                 438(1)
Q439UB          4         E30_1. YEAR TO BE REPAID
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    When do you expect this loan to be repaid?
/
/                 ^B
/                 YEAR
V                         (1995/2030,U2031/2050){NNNN}
Q440UB          4         E31.  ANNUAL INTEREST RATE
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What is the current annual interest rate being charged
/    on the loan?
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q441B      19             E32. ADJUSTABLE RATE?
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE 
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Does this loan have an adjustable rate?  That is, does it
/    have an interest rate that can rise and fall from time to time?
/^C1
/                        ^B
J442  441                B441(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q442B                     E33. INSTITUTION
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/    Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is this loan with
/    any of the institutions on the card, or from someplace else?
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/    ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BNK
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
C17                       INSURANCE CO
C18                       MORTGAGE CO
C19                       CONTRACTOR/DEVELOPER
C20                       PRIOR OWNER
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11,12,14,17/20=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/7,11,12,14,17/20
J443  442                B442(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J443  443  444            M43(Q442)+45("<")
Q443B      
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q442)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J444  445                 442(N7)
Q444U                     E33V.SPECIFY
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q445B      19             E34. RECEIVE PROPERTY INCOME IN 94? 
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Did you receive any income from this property in 1994?
/~ELSE
/    Did your family living here receive any income from this 
/    property in 1994?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J446  445                B445(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J446  448                 445(A+N1)
Q446UB          7         E34_1. GROSS INCOME RECEIVED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much gross income did you receive?
/~ELSE
/   How much gross income did your family receive?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/             ANNUAL AMOUNT : ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J447  448                 446(0+"0")
Q447T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^446
C2                        6
J448  446                B447("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J448  449                 404(3)+403(G3)=:1:
Q448B      19             E35. ANOTHER PROPERTY?
/~IF 404(LEQ403)
/PROPERTY: ^404 OF ^403
/~ELSE
/PROPERTY: ^404
/~END
/
/~IF 404(LQ403)
/    INTERVIEWER:    CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ANOTHER PROPERTY?
/~ELSE
/    Is there another such property in which you have an interest?
/~END
/^C1
/                        ^B
J404  448                B448(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J404  450                 448(2.K2.K3)+403(L1)
J404  481                 448(2.K2.K3)+403(1)
J404  449                 448(2.K2.K3)+403(G1)
R404  448                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END PROPERTY LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J449  481                 448(K2.K3)
J449  449  481            448(1).404(LQ403)
Q449B      19             E36. VACATION HOMES?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    About the remaining properties that you own, are any of these 
/    vacation homes or land you use for recreational purposes?
/~ELSE
/    About the remaining properties that you and your family
/    living here own, are any of these vacation homes or land
/    you use for recreational purposes?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J450  449                B449(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J450  466                 449(A+N1)
Q450UB          9         E36_1. VACATION HOME WORTH
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much in total is your share of these vacation homes or 
/   recreational property worth?
/~ELSE
/   How much in total is your family's share of these vacation 
/   homes or recreational property worth?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J451  452                 450(0+"0")
Q451T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^450
C2                        1
J452  450                B451("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q452B      141            E36_2.GIFT/INHERITANCE-R PURCHASED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   What was your total purchase price for these properties?
/~ELSE
/   What was your family's total purchase price for these
/   properties?
/~END
/
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                    ^B
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
Q453UB          7         E36_2AMT. PURCHASE PRICE OF VACATION HOME
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J454  455                 453(0+"0")
Q454T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^453
C2                        1
J455  453                B454("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q455B      19             E36_3. MORTGAGES/LOANS OUTSTANDING
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are there any mortgages or loans outstanding against
/    these vacation homes or recreational land?
/^C1
/                        ^B
J456  455                B455(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J456  462                 455(A+N1)
Q456UB          9         E36_4. AMOUNT OWED ON VACATION PROPERTY
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Altogether, about how much is owed on your share of these 
/   mortgages or loans?
/~ELSE
/   Altogether, about how much is owed on your family's share 
/   of these mortgages or loans?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J457  458                 456(0+"0")
Q457T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^456
C2                        1
J458  456                B457("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q458UB          6         E36_5.AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS-VACATION
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How much are the payments on these loans or mortgages?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range,NT",0/9999999)
J459  458                B456(G0)+458(GQ456)=PAYMENTS MUST BE < AMOUNT OWED
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J459  462                 458(0+"0").458("NT")
Q459T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^458
C2                        7
J460  458                B459("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J460  462                 459(0)
Q460B                     E36_5F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J461  460                B460(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J461  462                 460(N20)
Q461U                     E36_5FV.SPECIFY
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q462B      19             E36_6. RECEIVE INCOME FROM VACATION
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Did you receive any income in 1994 from renting out these 
/    vacation homes or recreational land?
/~ELSE
/    Did you or your family living here receive any income in 1994 
/    from renting out these vacation homes or recreational land?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J463  462                B462(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J463  465                 462(A+N1)
Q463UB          9         E36_7. AMOUNT OF INCOME FROM VACATION
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Altogether, how much gross income did you receive?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether, how much gross income did your family receive?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B 
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J464  465                 463(0+"0")
Q464T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^463
C2                        5
J465  463                B464("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q465B      19             E36_8. REMAINING PROPERTIES?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are there any remaining properties you own that you have
/    not told me details about?
/^C1
/                        ^B
J466  465                B465(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J466  481                 465(2.K2.K3)
Q466UB          9         E37. REMAINING PROPERTIES WORTH
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    For the remaining properties that you own, about how much in total 
/    is your share worth?  I mean, what could you sell them for?
/~ELSE
/    For the remaining properties that you own, about how much
/    in total is your family's share worth?  I mean, what could
/    you sell them for?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J467  468                 466(0+"0")
Q467T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^466
C2                        1
J468  466                B467("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q468B      141            E37_1.PURCHASE PRICE OF PROPERTIES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   About how much was your total purchase price for these properties?
/~ELSE
/   About how much was your family's total purchase price for these
/   properties?
/~END
/
/   (INTERVIEWER:  IF GIFT/INHERITANCE, ASK VALUE WHEN RECEIVED.)  
/
/                    ^B
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
Q469UB          7         E37_1. REMAINING PURCHASE PRICE
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J470  471                 469(0+"0")
Q470T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^469
C2                        1
J471  469                B470("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q471B      19             E37_2. ANY OUTSTANDING LOANS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are there mortgages or loans outstanding against these
/    properties?
/^C1
/                        ^B
J472  471                B471(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J472  478                 471(A+N1)
Q472UB          9         E37_3. AMOUNT OWE ON MORTGAGES/LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Altogether, about how much is owed on your share of these 
/   mortgages or loans?
/~ELSE
/   Altogether, about how much is owed on your family's share of 
/   these mortgages or loans?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q473T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^472
C2                        1
J474  472                B473("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q474UB          7         E37_4. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS ON MORTGAGES/LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How much are the payments on these loans or mortgages?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range,NT",0/9999999)
J475  474                B472(G0)+474(GQ472)=PAYMENTS MUST BE < AMOUNT OWED
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J475  478                 474(0+"0").474("NT")
Q475T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^474
C2                        6
J476  474                B475("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J476  478                 475(0)
Q476B                     E37_4F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J477  476                B476(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J477  478                 476(N20)
Q477U                     E37_4FV.
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q478B      19             E37_5. INCOME FROM OTHER PROPERTIES?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Did you receive any income in 1994 from renting out any of 
/    these properties?
/~ELSE
/    Did you or your family living here receive any income in 1994 
/    from renting out any of these properties?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J479  478                B478(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J479  481                 478(A+N1)
Q479UB          9         E37_6. GROSS INCOME FROM OTHER PROPERTIES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Altogether, how much gross income from these properties
/   did you receive in 1994?
/~ELSE
/   Altogether, how much gross income from these properties
/   did your family receive in 1994?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/               ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J480  481                 479(0+"0")
Q480T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^479
C2                        5
J481  479                B480("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
*                       SECTION F: BUSINESSES                                  *
********************************************************************************
J481  482                 98(1)=:1:
J481  482                 98(N1)=:2:
Q481                      F1. R OWN FARM/RANCH?
/                                                                            QxQ
/    DOES R OPERATE A FARM/RANCH BUSINESS ON THEIR PROPERTY?                 
/    (IF SECTION D, Q.3 WAS SKIPPED, CODE THIS QUESTION "NO")
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
V                         B
J482  484                 481(2)
Q482UB          2         F2. HOW MANY FARM/RANCH?
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Including your ^96(1/2) business here, in how many ^96(3/4), 
/    privately-held businesses, professional practices, limited 
/    partnerships, or any other types of partnership do you own
/    or share ownership in and have an active management role?  
/    Do not include corporations with publicly-traded stock or any 
/    property partnerships that have already been recorded earlier.
/~ELSE
/    Including your ^96(1/2) business here, in how many ^96(3/4), 
/    privately-held businesses, professional practices, limited 
/    partnerships, or any other types of partnership do you or your
/    family living here own or share ownership in and have an active
/    management role?  Do not include corporations with publicly-traded
/    stock or any property partnerships that have already been recorded
/    earlier.
/~END
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  INCLUDE THE GENERAL PARTNERS IN A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP,
/    BUT NOT THE LIMITED PARTNERS.  IF R OWNS A HOLDING COMPANY OR MANAGED
/    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTS, REPORT THE COMPONENTS SEPARATELY.
/
/
/
/                        ^B      NUMBER OF BUSINESSES
V                         (1/10,U11/99){Nn}
Q483B                     F2_1. INSTRUCTIONS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    I will ask you first about your ^96(1/2) business.  When we talk
/    about the value of ^96(1/2) assets and liabilities here, we are referring
/    to ^96(1/2) implements, livestock, crops, etc., and operating loans other
/    than your mortgages.
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER:    DO NOT INCLUDE THE VALUE OF THE PROPERTIES AND LOANS
/                    ALREADY RECORDED.
/
/
/                    ^B
C0                        PRESS [ENTER] TO CONTINUE
J484  486                 483(A)
Q484B      19             F3.OWN OR SHARE OWNERSHIP?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Now I would like to ask you about businesses you may own.  Do you 
/    own or share ownership in any privately-held businesses, farms, 
/    professional practices, limited partnerships or any other types of 
/    partnerships?  Do not include corporations with publicly-traded stock 
/    or any property partnerships that have already been recorded earlier.
/~ELSE
/    Now I would like to ask you about businesses you may own.  Do you and
/    your family living here own or share ownership in any privately-held
/    businesses, farms, professional practices, limited partnerships or any
/    other types of partnerships?  Do not include corporations with
/    publicly-traded stock or any property partnerships that have already
/    been recorded earlier.
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J485  484                B484(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J485  484                B484(2)+402(1)=R SAID R OWNS PROPERTY THAT IS OWNED BY 
/A BUSINESS IN SECTION E!
J485  556                 484(2.K2.K3)
Q485B      19             F4. ACTIVE MANAGEMENT
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you have an active management role in any of these businesses?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family living here have an active management
/    role in any of these businesses?
/~END
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  INCLUDE THE GENERAL PARTNERS IN A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP,
/    BUT NOT THE LIMITED PARTNERS.  IF R OWNS A HOLDING COMPANY OR MANAGED
/    INVESTMENTS ACOUNTS, REPORT THE COMPONENTS SEPARATELY.
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J486  485                B485(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J486  535                 485(2.K2.K3)
J486  488                 481(1)=:/^482:
Q486UB          2         F4_1. HOW MANY ACTIVE MANAGEMENT
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    In how many businesses do you have an active management role?
/~ELSE
/    In how many businesses do you or anyone in your family living here
/    have an active management role?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B      NUMBER OF BUSINESSES
V                         (1/10,U11/99){Nn}
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN BUSINESS LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q488S                     BUSINESS STEP-THROUGH
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
J489  490  
Q489X      
C1                        it
C2                        the largest business
C3                        the next business
G                         1=486(1)
G                         2=488(1)+486(G1.0)
G                         3=488(G1)+486(G1.0)
J490  491                 488(1)+98(1)
Q490U                     F5_1. KIND OF BUSINESS
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What kind of business is ^489?
/    That is, what does the business make or do?
/
/
V                         M!a_!
Q491B                     F6. HOW ACQUIRE BUSINESS
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How did you first acquire this business; was it bought or invested 
/    in, started by you, inherited, given to you, or what?
/~ELSE
/    How did you or your family living here first acquire this business;
/    was it bought or invested in, started by you, inherited, given to you,
/    or what?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        BOUGHT/INVEST
C2                        STARTED
C3                        INHERITED
C4                        GIVEN
C5                        OTHER
J492  491                B491(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J492  493                 491(N5)
Q492U                     F6V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q493UB          4         F8. YEAR BUSINESS STARTED
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 491(2)
/    In what year did you start the business?
/~ELSE
/    In what year did you acquire the business?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B      
/                        YEAR
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
Q494UB          4         F9. NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How many employees does it have including you?
/~ELSE
/    How many employees does it have including you and members of your
/    family?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         (1/1000,U1001/9999){Nnnn}
J495  496                 6(1)=:1:
J495  496                 6(G1)=:2:
Q495                      F9_1.  CHECKPOINT
/    INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT
C1                        R LIVES ALONE
C2                        ALL OTHERS
J496  500                 495(1)
Q496MC                    F9_2. WHICH FAMILY MEMBERS WORK
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/    Which members of your family living here work in or participate in the
/    operation of the business?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  CODE ALL THAT APPLY
C1                        RESPONDENT
C2                        SPOUSE/PARTNER
C3                        ADULT CHILD
C4                        OTHER ADULT IN HOUSEHOLD
C7                        OTHER 
C10
G                         1
G                         2=M6(2)+7(2/3)+25(1)
G                         3,4=M6(G0)+7(G3)+25(1)
G                         7
J497  496                B0(G1)+494(1)=496U(1/7)==R SAID COMPANY ONLY HAD ONE EM
/PLOYEE!
J497  497  499            496(7)
Q497U                     F9_2V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/
/ PLEASE SPECIFY.
/
/
/
V                         M!a_!
J499  500                 496(1)+496(N2/7)
J499  500                 496(2)+496(N1+N3/7)
J499  500                 496(K2.K3)
Q499UB          3         F9_3. HOW MANY HOURS
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0(1)+496(1)+496(2)=496U(3/7)=
/    Other than you ^35(1/3), how many hours does the other 
/    family member work in this business in a normal week?
/~ELSE 0(G1)+496(1)+496(2)=496U(3/7)=
/    Other than you ^35(1/3), how many hours does the most 
/    involved family member work in this business in a normal week?
/~ELSE 0(1)+496(1)=496U(2/7)=
/    Other than you, how many hours does the other family member work 
/    in this business in a normal week?
/~ELSE 0(G1)+496(1)=496U(2/7)=
/    Other than you, how many hours does the most involved family member 
/    work in this business in a normal week?
/~ELSE 0(1)=496U(2/7)= 
/    How many hours does the other family member work in this business 
/    in a normal week?
/~ELSE 0(G1)=496U(2/7)=
/    How many hours does the most involved family member work in this 
/    business in a normal week?
/~END
/
/                        ^B  HOURS
V                         (0/84,U85/999){Nnn}
Q500B                     F9_4. TYPE OF CORPORATION
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/    Is it a partnership, a sole proprietorship, a subchapter S corporation,
/    another type of corporation, or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        PARTNERSHIP
C2                        SOLE PROPRIETORSHIP
C3                        SUBCHAPTER S
C4                        OTHER CORPORATION
C5                        OTHER 
J501  500                B500(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J501  502                 500(N5)
Q501U                     F9_4V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
/
V                         M!a_!
Q502B      19             F10. USING PERSONAL ASSETS AS COLLATERAL?
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 488(1)
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    These next few questions are about the relationship between your
/    personal finances and the finances of your business.
/~ELSE
/    These next few questions are about the relationship between your
/    family's personal finances and the finances of your family's
/    business.
/~END
/~END
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Are you using personal assets as collateral or did you have to 
/    cosign or guarantee any loans for this business?
/~ELSE
/    Are you or your family living here using personal assets as
/    collateral or did you have to cosign or guarantee any loans for this
/    business?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J503  502                B502(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J503  509                 502(A+N1)
Q503B                     F10_05. COLLATERALIZE OR GUARANTEE
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/    Which of these did you do?  Collateralize a loan, guarantee a loan,
/    or both?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        COLLATERALIZE
C2                        GUARANTEE
C3                        BOTH
J504  503                B503(0+"0")
Q504UB          9         F10_1. AMOUNT GUARANTEED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 503(1)
/    How much is collateralized?
/~ELSE 503(2)
/    How much is guaranteed?
/~ELSE
/    How much is guaranteed or collateralized?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J505  509                 504(0+"0")
Q505T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^504
C2                        1
J506  504                B505("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
J506  509                 504(0)+505(0)
Q506B      19             F10_2.RECORD EARLIER?
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did I record this earlier?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J507  506                B506(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J507  509                 506(A+N1)
Q507B                     F10_3.WHICH LOAN?
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/      Which loan was that?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Credit Card
C2                        1st Mortgage
C3                        2nd Mortgage
C4                        Home Equity Loan
C5                        Line of Credit
C6                        Other Real Estate Loan
C7                        Other 
G                         0
G                         1=76(1)
G                         2=224(GE1)
G                         3=M224(1)+273(1)
G                         4=224(3)
G                         5=301(1)
G                         6=274(1)
G                         7
J508  507                B507(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J508  509                 507(N7)
Q508U                     F10_3V.           
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q509B      19             F11. DOES BUSINESS OWE YOU?
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 503(G1)
/    Other than guarantees, does the business owe you any money?
/~ELSE
/    Does the business owe you any money?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 523(G1)
/    Other than guarantees, does the business owe you or your family
/    living here any money?
/~ELSE
/    Does the business owe you or your family living here any money?
/~END
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J510  509                B509(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J510  512                 509(A+N1)
Q510UB          8         F11_1. AMOUNT OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/    How much is owed?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J511  512                 510(0+"0")
Q511T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^510
C2                        3
J512  510                B511("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q512B      19             F12. OWE BUSINESS MONEY?
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you owe the business any money?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or your family living here owe the business any money?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J513  512                B512(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J513  518                 512(A+N1)
Q513UB          7         F12_1. AMOUNT OWE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/    How much do you owe?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J514  518                 513(0+"0")
Q514T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^513
C2                        3
J515  513                B514("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
J515  518                 513(0)+514(0)
Q515B      19             F12_2. RECORD EARLIER?
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did I record this earlier?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J516  515                B515(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J516  518                 515(A+N1)
Q516B      507            F12_3. WHICH LOAN?
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/      When was it mentioned?
/
/                    ^B
J518  516                B516(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J517  518                 516(N7)
Q517U                     F12_3V.           
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J518  519                 500(2)
Q518UB          5         F13. WHAT PERCENT OWN
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What percentage of the business do you own?
/~ELSE
/    What percentage of the business do you and your family 
/    living here own?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/100)
Q519UB          8         F14. NET WORTH OF SHARE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 518(100)
/    What is the net worth of this business?
/~ELSE
/    What is the net worth of your share of this business?  
/~END
/    What could you sell it for?
/
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J520  521                 519(0+"0")
Q520T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^519
C2                        2
J521  519                B520("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q521UB          8         F15. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS...
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    If you sold the business now, what would be the cost basis for tax
/    purposes of this share? (What was your original investment)?
/
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J522  523                 521(0+"0")
Q522T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^521
C2                        1
J523  521                B522("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q523UB          10        F16. GROSS RECEIPTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What were the gross receipts or gross sales of the business as a whole
/    in 1994?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$_,___,___,___.!("range",-999999999/9999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J524  525                 523(0+"0")
Q524T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^523
C2                        2
J525  523                B524("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q525UB          9         F17. NET INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What was the business's total net income before taxes in 1994?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J526  527                 525(0+"0")
Q526T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^525
C2                        3
J527  525                B526("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
J527  528                 488(3)+486(G3)=:1:
Q527B      19             F19. ANOTHER BUSINESS?
/~IF 488(LEQ486)
/BUSINESS: ^488 OF ^486
/~ELSE
/BUSINESS: ^488
/~END
/
/~IF 488(LQ486)
/      INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION  ABOUT ANOTHER 
/                    ACTIVELY MANAGED BUSINESS?
/~ELSE
/      Is there another business in which you have an active
/      management role?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J488  527                B527(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J488  534                 527(2.K2.K3)+486(LE1)
J488  528                 527(2.K2.K3)+486(G1)
R488  527                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END BUSINESS LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J528  534                 527(K2.K3)
J528  528  534            527(1).488(LQ486)
Q528UB          9         F19_1. REMAINING BUSINESS WORTH
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 0(Q486)=488+1X
/    For the remaining business you own and actively manage, what 
/    could you sell your share for? (What is your share worth?)
/~ELSE
/    For the remaining businesses you own and actively manage, what 
/    could you sell your share for? (What is your share worth?)
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 0(Q486)=488+1X
/    For the remaining business you and your family living here own
/    and actively manage, what could you sell your share for? (What is your
/    share worth?)
/~ELSE
/    For the remaining businesses you and your family living here own
/    and actively manage, what could you sell your share for? (What is your
/    share worth?)
/~END
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J529  530                 528(0+"0")
Q529T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^528
C2                        1
J530  528                B529("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q530UB          9         F19_2. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS...
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0(Q486)=488+1X
/    If you sold this business now, what would be the cost basis for
/    tax purposes of your share? (What was your original investment?)
/~ELSE
/    If you sold these businesses now, what would be the cost basis for 
/    tax purposes of your share? (What was your original investment?)
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J531  532                 530(0+"0")
Q531T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^530
C2                        1
J532  530                B531("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q532UB          9         F19_3. TOTAL NET INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 0(Q486)=488+1X
/    What was the total net income you received from this business in 1994?
/~ELSE
/    What was the total net income you received from these businesses 
/    in 1994?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    What was the total net income you and your family living here
/~IF 0(Q486)=488+1X
/    received from this business in 1994?
/~ELSE
/    received from these businesses in 1994?
/~END
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J533  534                 532(0+"0")
Q533T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^532
C2                        3
J534  532                B533("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q534B      19             F20. INTEREST IN OTHER BUSINESSES?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you own or have an interest in any other businesses or any type of 
/    partnership where you do not have an active management role?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family living here own or have an interest
/    in any other businesses or any type of partnership where you do not
/    have an active management role?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J535  534                B534(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J535  556                 534(2.K2.K3)
Q535UB          3         F20_1. HOW MANY OWN OR SHARE
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How many of these businesses or partnerships do you own or 
/    share ownership in?
/~ELSE
/    How many of these businesses or partnerships do you and your
/    family living here own or share ownership in?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         (1/50,U51/999){Nnn}
J536  544                 535(A+N1)
Q536B                     F20_2. SOLE, LIMITED, OTHER
/
/
/
/    Is it a sole-proprietorship, a limited partnership, another type of
/    partnership, a Subchapter S corporation, another type of corporation,
/    or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        PARTNERSHIP
C2                        PROPRIETORSHIP
C3                        SUBCHAPTER S
C4                        OTHER CORP
C5                        LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
C7                        OTHER
J537  536                B536(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J537  538                 536(N7)
Q537U                     F20_2V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
/
V                         M!a_!
Q538UB          9         F20_3. WORTH OF SHARE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What could you sell your share for? (What is it worth?)
/~ELSE
/    What could you sell your family's share for? (What is it worth?)
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J539  540                 538(0+"0")
Q539T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^538
C2                        3
J540  538                B539("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q540UB          9         F20_4. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS...
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    If you sold this business now, what would be the cost basis for 
/    tax purposes? (What was your original investment?)
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J541  542                 540(0+"0")
Q541T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^540
C2                        3
J542  540                B541("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q542UB          9         F20_5. TOTAL NET INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What was the total net income you received from this business in 1994?
/~ELSE
/    What was the total net income you and your family living here
/    received from this business in 1994?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J543  544                 542(0+"0")
Q543T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^542
C2                        4
J544  542                B543("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
J544  555                 542(A)
Q544S                     TYPE OF BUSINESS STEP-THROUGH
C1                        limited partnership
C2                        other partnership
C3                        subchapter S corporation
C4                        other corporation
C5                        sole proprietorship
C6                        some other kind of business
J545  546                 544(6)+546(5)=:1:
Q545B      19             F21.  ARE ANY OF THEM...
/
/
/    (I need to know what type of businesses these are.)
/
/        Are any of them ^544?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J544  545                B545(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q546UT          14        |545U(2."R")=+546
R544  546                 
J547  548                 M544(6)+545(N1)
Q547U                     F21V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    What type are these businesses?
/
V                         M!a_!
Q548S                     TYPE OF BUSINESS STEP-THROUGH
C1                        Limited Partnerships
C2                        Other partnerships
C3                        Subchapter S Corporations
C4                        Other Corporations
C5                        Sole Proprietorships
C6                        ^547
G                         1=M544(1)+545(1)
G                         2=M544(2)+545(1)
G                         3=M544(3)+545(1)
G                         4=M544(4)+545(1)
G                         5=M544(5)+545(1)
G                         6=M544(6)+545(1)
Q549UB          9         F22. WORTH OF SHARE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What could you sell your share of all these 
/    ^548 for? (What is it worth?)
/~ELSE
/    What could you sell your family's share of all these
/   ^548 for? (What is it worth?)
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J550  551                 549(0+"0")
Q550T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^549
C2                        3
J551  549                B550("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q551UB          9         F23. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS...
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    If you sold these ^548 now, what would be the
/    cost basis for tax purposes? (What was your original investment?)
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J552  553                 551(0+"0")
Q552T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^551
C2                        3
J553  551                B552("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
Q553UB          9         F24. TOTAL NET INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What was the total net income you received from all such 
/    ^548 in 1994?
/~ELSE
/    What was the total net income you and your family living here
/    received from all such ^548 in 1994?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J554  548                 553(0+"0")
Q554T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^553
C2                        4
J548  553                B554("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
********************************************************************************
R548  554                 
Q555B      19             F25. EVER IN ACTIVE MANAGEMENT
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 535(G1)
/    Were you ever involved in the active management of the businesses?
/~ELSE
/    Were you ever involved in the active management of the business?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 535(G1)
/    Were you or any of your family living here ever involved in the
/    active management of the businesses?
/~ELSE
/    Were you or any of your family living here ever involved in the
/    active management of the business?
/~END
/~END
/
/                        ^B
J556  555                B555(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
********************************************************************************
*                         SECTION G: VEHICLES                                  *
********************************************************************************
Q556B      19             G1. CURRENTLY LEASING CARS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Now I'd like to get some information on your vehicles.
/
/    Some people have cars or other vehicles provided to them by a business
/    for personal and business use.  Do you have any such business vehicles?
/~ELSE
/    Now I'd like to get some information on your family's vehicles.
/
/    Some people have cars or other vehicles provided to them by a business
/    for personal and business use.  Do you or anyone in your family have 
/    any such business vehicles?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         B
J557  559                 556(2.K2.K3)
J557  556                B556(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q557UB          2         G1_1. NUMBER REGULARLY USED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How many such vehicles do you regularly use?
/~ELSE
/    How many such vehicles do you or someone in your family living here
/    regularly use?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         (1/5,U6/99){Nn}
Q558B      19             G1_2. ANY VEHICLES LEASED
/
/
/
/~IF 557(1)
/    Does the business lease this vehicle?
/~ELSE
/    Does the business lease any of these vehicles?
/~END
/^C1
/                        ^B
J559  558                B558(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q559B      19             G2. YOU LEASING VEHICLES
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 556(1)
/    Other than any vehicles provided by a business...
/~END
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Are you currently leasing any cars or other vehicles?
/~ELSE
/    Are you or anyone in your family living here currently leasing 
/    any cars or other vehicles?
/~END
/
/ 
/                        ^B
J560  577                 559(2.K2.K3)
J560  559                B559(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q560UB          2         G2_1. NUMBER PERSONAL LEASE
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Not counting vehicles leased by a business, how many cars or other
/    vehicles do you lease?
/~ELSE
/    Not counting vehicles leased by a business, how many cars or other
/    vehicles do you and your family living here lease?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         (1/5,U6/99){Nn}
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN VEHICLE LOOP 1<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q561S                     LEASE STEP-THROUGH
C1                        1
C2                        2
Q562UB          15        G3. MAKE OF VEHICLE
/~IF 561(LEQ560)
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561 OF ^560
/~ELSE
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561
/~END
/
/~IF 561(1)
/~IF 560(1)
/    What make and model is this vehicle?
/~ELSE
/    What make and model is the newest vehicle?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    What make and model is the next vehicle?
/~END
/
/    (2-WORD ANSWER. MAKE AND MODEL)
/
/
/    MAKE: ^B
/
/   MODEL: ^B
V                         M
Q563UB          15        G3. MODEL OF VEHICLE
V                         M
Q564UB          4         G4. WHAT MODEL YEAR
/~IF 561(LEQ560)
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561 OF ^560
/~ELSE
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561
/~END
/
/
/    What model year is it?
/
/                    ^B      
/                    YEAR
V                         (1950/1996,U1900/1949){NNNN}
Q565UB          4         G5. HOW MUCH MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 561(LEQ560)
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561 OF ^560
/~ELSE
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561
/~END
/
/
/    How much are your lease payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___.!("range,NT",0/9999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J566  569                 565(0+"0").565("NT")
Q566T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^565
C2                        8
J567  565                B566("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J567  569                 566(0)
Q567B      102            G5F.
/~IF 561(LEQ560)
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561 OF ^560
/~ELSE
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they due?
/
/                    ^B
J568  567                B567(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J568  569                 567(N20)
Q568U                     G5FV.
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q569B                     G5_1. YEARS OR MONTHS FOR LEASE
/~IF 561(LEQ560)
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561 OF ^560
/~ELSE
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561
/~END
/
/
/    How many years or months was the original lease?
/^C1
/
/             ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEARS
C2                        ENTER MONTHS
J570  571                 569(2.K2.K3)
J570  569                B569(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q570UB          2         G5_1. NUMBER OF YEARS
/~IF 561(LEQ560)
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561 OF ^560
/~ELSE
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561
/~END
/
/
/    How many years was the original lease?
/^C1
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEARS
V                         (1/5,U6/99){Nn}
J571  572                 569(N2)
Q571UB          2         G5_1. NUMBER OF MONTHS
/~IF 561(LEQ560)
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561 OF ^560
/~ELSE
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561
/~END
/
/
/    How many months was the original lease?
/^C1
/
/                    ^B
/                    MONTHS
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J572  573                 561(2)+560(G2)=:1:
Q572B      19             G6. ANOTHER VEHICLE
/~IF 561(LEQ560)
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561 OF ^560
/~ELSE
/LEASED VEHICLE: ^561
/~END
/
/
/~IF 561(LQ560)
/    INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ON ANOTHER LEASED CAR,
/                  VAN, JEEP, OR OTHER VEHICLE?
/~ELSE
/~IF 0A(LE1)=4AM23(N2)=
/    Are you leasing any other cars, vans, jeeps or other such vehicles?
/~ELSE
/    Are you or your family leasing any other cars, vans, jeeps or
/    other such vehicles?
/~END
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J561  572                B572(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J561  577                 572(2.K2.K3)+560(LE1)
J561  573                 572(2.K2.K3)+560(G1)
R561  572                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END VEHICLE LOOP 1<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J573  577                 572(K2.K3)
J573  573  577            572(1).561(LQ560)
Q573UB          4         G6_1. AMOUNT OF OTHER LEASE PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=560-561
/    Altogether, about how much are the lease payments on your other 
/    leased vehicles?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether, about how much are the lease payments on your other 
/    leased vehicle?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$_,___.!("range,NT",0/9999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J574  577                 573(0+"0").573("NT")
Q574T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^573
C2                        8
J575  573                B574("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J575  577                 574(0)
Q575B                     G6_1F.
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Day
C2   /6    102  2
G                         0,1/4,12,5,11,6,20
J576  575                B575(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J576  577                 575(N20)
Q576U                     G6_1FV.
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q577B      19             G7. OWN ANY CARS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you own any cars, or any kind of truck, van or jeep-type vehicle?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family here own any cars, or any kind of 
/    truck, van or jeep-type vehicle?
/~END
/
/    Do not include motorcyles, tractors, snow blowers, etc.,
/    or any vehicles owned by a business.
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J578  623                 577(2.K2.K3)
J578  577                B577(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q578UB          2         G7_1. HOW MANY VEHICLES OWN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Altogether, how many such cars or vehicles do you own?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether, how many such cars or vehicles do you and your family
/    living here own?
/~END
/
/                        ^B  # OWNED VEHICLES
V                         (1/5,U6/99){Nn}
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN VEHICLE LOOP 2<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q579S                     OWN STEP-THROUGH
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
C4                        4
Q580B                     G8. TYPE OF VEHICLE
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/~IF 578(1)
/    What type of vehicle is it?
/~ELSE 578(G1.K2.K3)+579(1)
/    What type of vehicle is the newest one?
/~ELSE
/    What type of vehicle is the next one?
/~END
/
/INTERVIEWER:  PROBE IF NECESSARY.
/
/    Is it a car, a van or minivan, a jeep or sport-utility vehicle, 
/    a pickup, or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Car
C2                        Van/minivan
C3                        Jeep/sport-utility vehicle
C4                        Pickup
C5                        Other 
J581  580                B580(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J581  582                 580(N5)
Q581U                     G8V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q582UB          15        G9. MAKE OF VEHICLE
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    What make and model is it?
/
/    (2-WORD ANSWER. MAKE AND MODEL)
/
/
/    MAKE: ^B
/
/   MODEL: ^B
V                         M
Q583UB          15        G9. MODEL OF VEHICLE
V                         M
Q584UB          4         G10. WHAT MODEL YEAR
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    What model year is it?
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1950/1996,U1900/1949){NNNN}
Q585B                     G11. NEW OR USED
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    Did you buy it new or used?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        New
C2                        Used
J586  587                 585(1)
J586  585                B585(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q586UB          4         G11_1.  WHAT YEAR BOUGHT
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    In what year did you buy it?
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1950/1995,U1900/1949){NNNN}
J587  586                B0(G1)+586(G0)=584-586=PURCHASE DATE OF USED CAR CANNOT
/ COME BEFORE MODEL YEAR!
Q587B      19             G12.  MONEY STILL OWED
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    Not counting any loans I've already recorded, is any money still owed
/    on loans for this ^582 ^583?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J588  613                 587(2.K2.K3)
J588  587                B587(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q588UB          2         G13. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    In what month and year was the loan taken out?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q589UB          4         G13. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT
V                         (1950/1995,U1900/1949){NNNN}
J590  588                B589(1995)+588(GQ4)=DATE MUST PRECEDE TODAY'S DATE!
Q590UB          6         G14. HOW MUCH BORROWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    How much was borrowed or financed?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",1/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q591T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^590
C2                        6
J592  590                B591("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q592B                     G15. REGULAR INSTALLMENT OR OTHER
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed dollar amount
/    each month for a fixed number of months until the loan is repaid, or
/    some other kind?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Regular Installment
C2                        Other Kind
J593  600                 592(2)
J593  592                B592(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q593B                     G16. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
/    the loan was received?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEARS
C2                        ENTER PAYMENTS
C3                        NO SET NUMBER OF YEARS OR PAYMENTS
J594  593                B593(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J594  595                 593(N1)
Q594UB          3         G16YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (1/120,U121/999){Nnn}
J595  596                 593(N2)
Q595UB          3         G16PAY.
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         (1/120,U121/999){Nnn}
J596  600                 593(3)
Q596UB          6         G17. HOW MUCH MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    How much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J597  600                 596(0+"0").596("NT")
Q597T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^596
C2                        8
J598  596                B597("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J598  600                 597(0)
Q598B      102            G17F.
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they made?
/
/                    ^B
J599  598                B598(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J599  600                 598(N20)
Q599U                     G17FV.
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J600  604                 598(G0).596(K2)
Q600UB          6         G18. HOW MUCH MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    What is the typical payment?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J601  604                 600(0+"0").600("NT")
Q601T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^600
C2                        8
J602  600                B601("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J602  604                 601(0)
Q602B                     G18F.
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J603  602                B602(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J603  604                 602(N20)
Q603U                     G18FV.
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J604  605                 600(A)
Q604B                     G18_1. AHEAD, BEHIND, ON SCHEDULE
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind schedule, or are
/    the payments about on schedule?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        On schedule
C2                        Ahead of schedule
C3                        Behind schedule
J605  604                B604(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J605  609                 604(1)
Q605UB          2         G19. MONTH LOAN TO BE REPAID
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q606UB          4         G19. YEAR LOAN TO BE REPAID
V                         (1995/2010,U2011/2050){NNNN}
J607  605                B606(1995)+605(LQ4)+605(G0)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE PAST!
J607  609                 604(1)
Q607UB          6         G20. HOW MUCH STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    How much is still owed on this loan?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",1/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q608T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^607
C2                        6
J609  607                B608("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q609UB          4         G21. CURRENT APR
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/    What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on this loan?
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q610B                     G22. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/ 
/   Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any of the
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  
/
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/    ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
C15                       DEALER
C20                       PRIOR OWNER
C21                       AUTO FINANCE/GMAC/FORD CREDIT
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11/15,20/21=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/7,11/15,20/21
J611  610                B610(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J611  611  612            M43(Q610)+45("<")
Q611B      
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q610)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J612  613                 610(N7)
Q612U                     G22V.
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J613  614                 579(4)+578(G3)=:1:
Q613B      19             G23. ANOTHER VEHICLE
/~IF 579(LEQ578)
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579 OF ^578
/~ELSE
/OWNED VEHICLE: ^579
/~END
/
/
/~IF 579(LQ578)
/    INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ON ANOTHER VEHICLE?
/~ELSE
/    Do you have any other such vehicles?
/
/    Do not include motorcyles, tractors, snow blowers, etc.,
/    or any vehicles owned by a business.
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J579  623                 613(2.K2.K3)+578(LE1)
J579  614                 613(2.K2.K3)+578(G1)
J579  613                B613(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R579  613                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END VEHICLE LOOP 2<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J614  623                 613(K2.K3)
J614  623                 579(4)+578(4)
J614  614  623            613(1).579(LQ578)
Q614UB          6         G23_1. WORTH OF OTHER VEHICLES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 0(G1)=578-579
/    How much are all the other such vehicles that you own worth
/    in today's prices?
/~ELSE
/    How much is the other such vehicle that you own worth in today's 
/    prices?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 0(G1)=578-579
/    How much are all the other such vehicles that you and others in
/    your family living here own worth in today's prices?
/~ELSE
/    How much is the other such vehicle that you and others in your 
/    family living here own worth in today's prices?
/~END
/~END
/
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J615  616                 614(0+"0")
Q615T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^614
C2                        6
J616  614                B615("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q616B      19             G23_2. MONEY STILL OWED ON OTHER
/
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=578-579
/    Not counting loans I have already recorded, is any money still owed on
/    loans for these vehicles?
/~ELSE
/    Not counting loans I have already recorded, is any money still owed on
/    a loan for this vehicle?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J617  623                 616(2.K2.K3)
J617  616                B616(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q617UB          5         G23_3. HOW MUCH STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=578-579
/    Altogether, about how much is still owed on these loans?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether, about how much is still owed on this loan?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q618T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^617
C2                        6
J619  617                B618("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q619UB          6         G23_4. TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=578-579
/    How much are the total payments on these loans?
/~ELSE
/    How much are the total payments on this loan?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J620  621                 619(0+"0").619("NT")
Q620T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^619
C2                        8
J621  619                B620("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J621  623                 620(0)
Q621B      102            G23_4F.
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
J622  621                B621(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J622  623                 621(N20)
Q622U                     G23_4FV.
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q623B      19             G25. MOTORHOME, RV....
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you own any other vehicles such as a motorhome, RV, motorcycle,
/    boat, or airplane?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family living here own any other vehicles
/    such as a motorhome, RV, motorcycle, boat, or airplane?
/~END
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  DO NOT INCLUDE TRACTORS AND LAWN MOWERS
/
/                        ^B
J624  666                 623(2.K2.K3)
J624  623                B623(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q624UB          2         G25_1. HOW MANY MOTORHOME, RV, BOAT
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Altogether, how many of these other vehicles do you own?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether, how many of these other vehicles do you or someone in 
/    your family living here own?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         (1/10,U11/99){Nn}
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN VEHICLE LOOP 3<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q625S                     MOTORHOME STEP-THROUGH
C1                        1
C2                        2
Q626B                     G26. WHAT TYPE OF MOTORHOME...
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/~IF 624(1)
/    What type of vehicle is it?
/~ELSE 624(G1)+625(1)
/    What type of vehicle is the newest one?
/~ELSE
/    What type of vehicle is the next one?
/~END
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  PROBE IF NECESSARY.
/
/                   Is it a motorhome, RV, airplane, boat, or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Motorhome
C2                        RV
C3                        Airplane
C4                        Boat
C5                        Motorcycle
C7                        Other
J627  626                B626(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J627  628                 626(N7)
Q627U                     G26V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q628UB          7         G27. HOW MUCH RV WORTH
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/~IF 626(N7)
/    About how much is this ^626 worth?
/~ELSE
/    About how much is this vehicle worth?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J629  630                 628(0+"0")
Q629T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^628
C2                        6
J630  628                B629("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q630B      19             G28. MONEY STILL OWED ON RV
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    Not counting any loans that I have already recorded, is any money still
/~IF 626(N7)
/    owed on loans for this ^626?
/~ELSE
/    owed on loans for this vehicle?
/~END
/^C1
/                        ^B
J631  656                 630(2.K2.K3)
J631  630                B630(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q631UB          2         G29. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    In what month and year was the loan taken out?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q632UB          4         G29. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT
V                         (1950/1995,U1900/1949){NNNN}
J633  631                B632(1995)+631(GQ4)=DATE MUST PRECEDE TODAY'S DATE!
Q633UB          6         G30. HOW MUCH FINANCED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    How much was borrowed or financed, not  counting the finance charges?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",1/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q634T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^633
C2                        6
J635  633                B634("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q635B                     G31. REGULAR INSTALLMENT OR OTHER
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed dollar amount
/    each month for a fixed number of months until the loan is repaid, or
/    some other kind?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Regular Installment
C2                        Other Kind
J636  643                 635(2)
J636  635                B635(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q636B      593            G32. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
/    the loan was received?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J637  636                B636(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J637  638                 636(N1)
Q637UB          3         G32YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (1/120,U121/999){Nnn}
J638  639                 636(N2)
Q638UB          3         G32PAY.
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         (1/120,U121/999){Nnn}
J639  643                 636(3)
Q639UB          6         G33. HOW MUCH MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    How much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J640  643                 639(0+"0").639("NT")
Q640T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^639
C2                        8
J641  639                B640("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J641  643                 640(0)
Q641B      102            G33F.
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they due?
/
/                    ^B
J642  641                B641(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J642  643                 641(N20)
Q642U                     G33FV.
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J643  647                 641(G0).639(K2)
Q643UB          6         G34. TYPICAL MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    What is the typical payment?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J644  648                 643(0+"0").643("NT")
Q644T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^643
C2                        8
J645  643                B644("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J645  647                 644(0)
Q645B                     G34F.
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J646  645                B645(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J646  647                 645(N20)
Q646U                     G34FV.
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J647  648                 644(A)
Q647B                     G34_1. AHEAD, BEHIND, ON SCHEDULE
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind schedule, or are
/    the payments about on schedule?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        On schedule
C2                        Ahead of schedule
C3                        Behind schedule
J648  647                B647(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J648  652                 647(1)
Q648UB          2         G35. MONTH LOAN TO BE REPAID
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q649UB          4         G35. YEAR LOAN TO BE REPAID
V                         (1995/2010,U2011/2050){NNNN}
J650  648                B649(1995)+648(LQ4)+648(G0)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE PAST!
J650  652                 647(1)
Q650UB          6         G36. HOW MUCH STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    How much is still owed on this loan?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J651  652                 650(0+"0")
Q651T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^650
C2                        6
J652  650                B651("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q652UB          4         G37. CURRENT APR
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/
/    What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on this loan?
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q653B                     G38. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/ 
/   Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any of the
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  
/
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/    ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
C16                       BROKERAGE
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11/14,16=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/7,11/14,16
J654  653                B653(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J654  654  655            M43(Q653)+45("<")
Q654B      
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q653)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J655  656                 653(N7)
Q655U                     G38V.
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J656  657                 625(2)+624(G2)=:1:
Q656B      19             G39. ANOTHER VEHICLE?
/~IF 625(LEQ624)
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625 OF ^624
/~ELSE
/MOTORHOME/RV/PLANE/BOAT: ^625
/~END
/
/~IF 625(LQ624)
/    INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ON ANOTHER VEHICLE?
/~ELSE
/    Do you have any other vehicles?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J625  666                 656(2.K2.K3)+624(LE1)
J625  657                 656(2.K2.K3)+624(G1)
J625  656                B656(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R625  656                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END VEHICLE LOOP 3<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J657  666                 656(K2.K3)
J657  657  666            656(1).625(LQ624)
Q657UB          6         G39_1. WORTH OF OTHER VEHICLES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 0(G1)=624-625
/    How much are all the other such vehicles that you own worth?
/~ELSE
/    How much is the other such vehicle that you own worth?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 0(G1)=624-625
/    How much are all the other such vehicles that you and others in
/    your family living here own worth?
/~ELSE
/    How much is the other such vehicle that you and others in your 
/    family living here own worth?
/~END
/~END
/
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J658  659                 657(0+"0")
Q658T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^657
C2                        6
J659  657                B658("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q659B      19             G39_2. MONEY STILL OWED ON OTHER
/
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=624-625
/    Not counting loans I have already recorded, is any money still owed on
/    loans for these vehicles?
/~ELSE
/    Not counting loans I have already recorded, is any money still owed on
/    loans for this vehicle?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J660  666                 659(2.K2.K3)
J660  659                B659(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q660UB          5         G39_3. HOW MUCH STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=624-625
/    Altogether, about how much is still owed on these loans?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether, about how much is still owed on this loan?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q661T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^660
C2                        6
J662  660                B661("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q662UB          6         G39_4. TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=624-625
/    How much are the total payments on these loans?
/~ELSE
/    How much are the total payments on this loan?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range,NT",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J663  666                 662(0+"0").662("NT")
Q663T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^662
C2                        8
J664  662                B663("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J664  666                 663(0)
Q664B      102            G39_4F.
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
J665  664                B664(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J665  666                 664(N20)
Q665U                     G39_4FV.
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
********************************************************************************
*                      SECTION H: EDUCATION LOANS                              *
********************************************************************************
Q666B      19             H1. EDUCATION LOANS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Not counting credit cards or loans you may have told me about in
/    detail, do you owe any money or have any loans for educational expenses?
/~ELSE
/    Not counting credit cards or loans you may have told me about in
/    detail, do you and your family living here owe any money or have any
/    loans for educational expenses?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
V                         B
J667  702                 666(2.K2.K3)
J667  666                B666(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q667UB          3         H2. HOW MANY EDUCATION LOANS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How many such loans are there?
/
/
/                    # LOANS: ^B
V                         (1/10,U11/999){Nnn}
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN EDUCATION LOAN LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q668S                     LOAN STEP-THROUGH
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
C4                        4
C5                        5
C6                        6
Q669UB          2         H3. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/~IF 667(1)
/    In what month and year was this loan taken out?
/~ELSE 667(N1)+668(1)
/    About the largest loan, in what month and year was
/    this loan taken out?
/~ELSE
/    About the next loan, in what month and year was
/    this loan taken out?
/~END
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q670UB          4         H3. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT
V                         (1950/1995,U1900/1949){NNNN}
J671  669                B670(1995)+669(GQ4)=DATE MUST PRECEDE TODAYS DATE!
Q671UB          7         H4. HOW MUCH BORROWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    How much was borrowed or financed, not counting the finance charges?
/
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q672T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^671
C2                        7
J673  671                B672("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q673B      19             H5. YOU PAYING ON LOAN NOW
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are you paying on this loan now?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J674  678                 673(1)
J674  673                B673(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q674B      19             H5_1. PAYMENTS DEFERRED
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are the payments on this loan deferred?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J675  678                 674(2.K2.K3)
J675  674                B674(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q675UB          2         H6. MONTH WHEN START PAYING
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    When will you start paying on this loan?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q676UB          4         H6. YEAR WHEN START PAYING
V                         (1995/2000,U2001/2010){NNNN}
J677  675                B676(1995)+675(LQ4)+675(G0)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE PAST!
Q677B      19             H7. ACCUMULATING INTEREST
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    Is this loan accumulating interest which you will have to pay?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J678  695                 677(1.K2.K3)
J678  696                 677(2)
J678  677                B677(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q678UB          2         H8. MONTH DID START PAYING
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/~IF 673(1).674(1)
/    When did you start paying on this loan?
/    (TAKE MOST RECENT TIME R BEGAN PAYING ON LOAN).
/~ELSE
/    When did you last make payments on this loan?
/~END
/
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q679UB          4         H8. YEAR DID START PAYING
V                         (1950/1995,U1900/1949){NNNN}
J680  678                B670(GQ679)+679(G0)=PAYMENTS CANNOT BE MADE BEFORE THE 
/LOAN WAS TAKEN OUT (^669/^670)
J670  678                B670(Q679)+669(GQ678)+678(G0)=PAYMENTS CANNOT BE MADE B
/EFORE THE LOAN WAS TAKEN OUT (^669/^670)
Q680B                     H9. REGULAR OR INSTALLMENT
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed dollar amount
/    each month for a fixed number of months until the loan is repaid,or
/    some other kind?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Regular Installment
C2                        Other Kind
J681  688                 680(2)
J681  680                B680(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q681B      593            H10. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
/    the loan was received?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J682  681                B681(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J682  683                 681(A+N1)
Q682UB          3         H10YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (1/120,U121/999){Nnn}
J683  684                 681(N2)
Q683UB          3         H10PAY.
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         (1/120,U121/999){Nnn}
J684  688                 681(3)
Q684UB          5         H11. HOW MUCH MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    How much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J685  688                 684(0+"0").684("NT")
Q685T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^684
C2                        8
J686  684                B685("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J686  688                 685(0)
Q686B      102            H11F.
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they due?
/
/                    ^B
J687  686                B686(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J687  688                 686(N20)
Q687U                     H11FV.
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J688  692                 686(G0).684(K2)
Q688UB          5         H11_1. HOW MUCH MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    What is the typical payment?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J689  692                 688(0+"0").688("NT")
Q689T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^688
C2                        8
J690  688                B689("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J690  692                 689(0)
Q690B      102            H11_1F.
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
J691  690                B690(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J691  692                 690(N20)
Q691U                     H11_1FV.
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J692  693                 688(A)
Q692B                     H12. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHEDULE
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind schedule, or are
/    the payments about on schedule?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        On schedule
C2                        Ahead of schedule
C3                        Behind schedule
J693  692                B692(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J693  695                 692(1)
Q693UB          2         H13. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q694UB          4         H13. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY
V                         (1995/2010,U2011/2050){NNNN}
J695  693                B694(1995)+693(LQ4)+693(G0)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE PAST!
Q695UB          4         H14. CURRENT APR
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on this loan?
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q696B                     H15. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any of the
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  
/
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/    ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
C16                       BROKERAGE
C22                       COLLEGE/UNIVERSITY
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11/14,16,22=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/7,11/14,16,22
J697  696                B696(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J697  697  698            M43(Q696)+45("<")
Q697B      
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q696)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J698  699                 696(N7)
Q698U                     H15V.
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
Q699UB          8         H16. HOW MUCH STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/    How much is still owed on this loan?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J700  701                 699(0+"0")
Q700T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^699
C2                        7
J701  699                B700("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q701B      19             H17. ANOTHER EDUCATION LOAN
/~IF 668(LEQ667)
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668 OF ^667
/~ELSE
/EDUCATION LOAN: ^668
/~END
/
/
/~IF 668(LQ667)
/    INTERVIEWER: CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ON ANOTHER EDUCATION LOAN?
/~ELSE
/    Is there another education loan?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J668  702                 701(2.K2.K3)+667(LE1)
J668  806                 701(2.K2.K3)+667(G1)
J668  701                B701(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R668  701                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END EDUCATION LOAN LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J806  702                 701(K2.K3)
J806  806  702            701(1).668(LQ667)
Q806UB          8         H18. AMOUNT OF REMAINING LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    How much in total is owed on all the remaining loans?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J822  702                 806(0+"0")
Q822T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^806
C2                        7
J702  806                B822("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1427UB         8         H18_1. AMOUNT OF REMAINING LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    How much in total are all the payments you are making on all
/    the remaining loans?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range,NT",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1485 702                 1427(0+"0").1427("NT")
Q1485T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1427
C2                        8
J1497 1427               B1485("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1497 702                 1485(0)
Q1497B     102            H18_1F.FREQUENCY
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
********************************************************************************
*                       SECTION I: OTHER LOANS                                 *
********************************************************************************
Q702B      19             I1. OTHER LOANS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Now I want to ask you about the loans you have.  Not counting credit 
/    cards or loans you have told me about in detail, do you owe any
/    money or have any loans for any reason on this card (SHOW CARD 6)?
/    These are loans for household appliances, furniture, hobby or
/    recreational equipment, medical bills, loans from friends or relatives
/    or other loans. 
/~ELSE
/    Now I want to ask you about the loans you and anyone in your family
/    living here have.  Not counting credit cards or loans you have told me
/    about in detail, do you or anyone in your family living here owe any
/    money or have any loans for any reason on this card (SHOW CARD 6)?
/    These are loans for household appliances, furniture, hobby or
/    recreational equipment, medical bills, loans from friends or relatives
/    or other loans. 
/~END
/    (DO NOT INCLUDE GIFTS FROM FAMILY MEMBERS YOU ARE NOT EXPECTED TO RE-PAY)
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
V                         B
J703  702                B702(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J703  732                 702(2.K2.K3)
Q703UB          3         I2. HOW MANY OTHER LOANS
/
/
/
/    How many such loans do you have?
/
/
/                    # LOANS: ^B
V                         (1/10,U11/999){Nnn}
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>BEGIN OTHER LOANS LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Q704S      668            LOAN STEP-THROUGH
Q705U                     I4. WHAT LOAN FOR
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 703(1)
/    What was the loan for?
/~ELSE 703(N1)+704(1)
/    What was the largest loan for?
/~ELSE
/    What was the next loan for?
/~END
V                         M!a_!
Q706UB          2         I5. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    In what month and year was this loan taken out?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q707UB          4         I5. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT
V                         (1975/1995,U1900/1974){NNNN}
J708  706                B707(1995)+706(GQ4)=DATE MUST PRECEDE TODAYS DATE!
Q708UB          7         I6. HOW MUCH BORROWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    How much was borrowed or financed, not  counting the finance charges?
/
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q709T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^708
C2                        7
J710  708                B709("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q710B                     I7. REGULAR OR INSTALLMENT
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    Is this a regular installment loan where you pay a fixed dollar amount
/    each month for a fixed number of months until the loan is repaid, or
/    some other kind?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Regular Installment
C2                        Other Kind
J711  718                 710(2)
J711  710                B710(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q711B      593            I8. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    How many monthly payments or years were agreed upon when
/    the loan was received?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J712  711                B711(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J712  713                 711(N1)
Q712UB          2         I8YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS OR PAYMENTS
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (1/120,U121/999){Nnn}
J713  714                 711(N2)
Q713UB          3         I8PAY.
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    NUMBER OF PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         (1/120,U121/999){Nnn}
J714  718                 711(3)
Q714UB          5         I9. HOW MUCH MONTHLY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    How much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J715  718                 714(0+"0").714("NT")
Q715T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^714
C2                        8
J716  714                B715("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J716  718                 715(0)
Q716B      102            I9F.
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are they due?
/
/                    ^B
J717  716                B716(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J717  718                 716(N20)
Q717U                     I9FV.
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J718  722                 716(G0).714(K2)
Q718UB          5         I10. HOW MUCH TYPICAL PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    What is the typical payment?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/                 ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J719  722                 718(0+"0").718("NT")
Q719T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^718
C2                        8
J720  718                B719("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J720  722                 719(0)
Q720B      102            I10F.
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is it made?
/
/                    ^B
J721  720                B720(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J721  722                 720(N20)
Q721U                     I10FV.
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/  PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J722  723                 718(A)
Q722B                     I10_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHEDULE
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    Is this loan being paid off ahead of schedule, behind schedule, or are
/    the payments about on schedule?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        On schedule
C2                        Ahead of schedule
C3                        Behind schedule
J723  722                B722(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J723  727                 722(1)
Q723UB          2         I11. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/    In what month and year do you expect this loan to be repaid?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                 ^B      ^B
/                 MONTH   YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q724UB          4         I11. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY
V                         (1995/2005,U2006/2020){NNNN}
J725  723                B724(1995)+723(LQ4)+723(G0)=DATE CANNOT BE IN THE PAST!
J725  727                 722(1)
Q725UB          7         I12. HOW MUCH STILL OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    How much is still owed on this loan?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q726T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^725
C2                        7
J727  725                B726("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q727UB          4         I13. CURRENT APR
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on this loan?
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q728B                     I14. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/   Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is the loan with any of the
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  
/
/   (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) 
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?)
/
/   (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTION CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS
/    MENTIONED AT THIS POINT.)
/^C2
/    ^B
C0
C1                        ^45M43(1)=
C2                        ^45M43(2)=
C3                        ^45M43(3)=
C4                        ^45M43(4)=
C5                        ^45M43(5)=
C6                        ^45M43(6)=
C7                        OTHER
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVINGS BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO
C16                       BROKERAGE
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11/14,16=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/7,11/14,16
J729  728                B728(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J729  729  730            M43(Q728)+45("<")
Q729B      
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q728)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J730  731                 728(N7)
Q730U                     I14V.
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J731  732                 704(6)
Q731B      19             I15. ANOTHER LOAN
/~IF 704(LEQ703)
/OTHER LOAN: ^704 OF ^703
/~ELSE
/OTHER LOAN: ^704
/~END
/
/
/~IF 704(LQ703)
/    INTERVIEWER: CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ON ANOTHER SUCH LOAN?
/~ELSE
/    Do you have any other loans like the ones listed on the card?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J704  732                 731(2.K2.K3)+703(LE1)
J704  840                 731(2.K2.K3)+703(G1)
J704  731                B731(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R704  731                 
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>END OTHER LOANS LOOP<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
J840  732                 731(K2.K3)
J840  840  732            731(1).704(LQ703)
Q840UB          8         I16. AMOUNT OF REMAINING LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    How much in total is owed on all the remaining loans?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J889  732                 840(0+"0")
Q889T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^840
C2                        7
J1535 840                B889("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1535UB         8         I16_1. AMOUNT OF REMAINING LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/    How much in total are all the payments you are making on all
/    the remaining loans?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6] KEY.
/
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range,NT",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1595 732                 1535(0+"0").1535("NT")
Q1595T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1535
C2                        7
J1596 1435               B1595("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1596 732                 1595(0)
Q1596B     102            I16_1F.FREQUENCY
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                    ^B
J732  732  734            218(1/2).272(1/2).273(1).301(1).327(1).(M404(G0)+416(1
/)).455(1).(M488(G0)+512(1)).(M625(G0)+630(1)).659(1).702(1)
Q732B                     I19. ALL PAYMENTS ON SCHEDULE...
/
/
/
/    Now thinking of all the various loan or mortgage payments you made 
/    during last year, were all the payments made the way they were 
/    scheduled, or were payments on any of the loans sometimes made 
/    later or missed?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        All paid as scheduled or ahead of schedule
C2                        Sometimes got behind or missed payments
J733  734                 732(1)
J733  732                B732(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q733B      19             I19_1. BEHIND BY TWO MONTHS
/
/
/
/    Were you ever behind in your payments by two months or more?
/^C1
/               
/                        ^B
J734  733                B733(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
********************************************************************************
*                      SECTION J: SAVINGS ATTITUDES                            *
********************************************************************************
Q734U                     J1. REASONS FOR SAVING
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Now I'd like to ask you a few questions about your savings.
/    People have different reasons for saving, even though they may not be
/    saving all the time. What are your most important reasons for saving?
/~ELSE
/    Now I'd like to ask you a few questions about your family's savings.
/    People have different reasons for saving, even though they may not be
/    saving all the time. What are your family's most important reasons
/    for saving?
/~END
/
/    (What else?)
V                         M!a_!
Q735B      19             J2. FORESEEABLE EXPENSES
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    In the next five to ten years, are there any foreseeable major expenses
/    that you expect to have to pay for yourself, such as educational expenses,
/    purchase of a new home, health care costs, support for other family 
/    members, or anything else?
/~ELSE
/    In the next five to ten years, are there any foreseeable major expenses
/    that you and your family expect to have to pay for yourselves, such as
/    educational expenses, purchase of a new home, health care costs,
/    support for other family members, or anything else?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
V                         B
J736  739                 735(2.K2.K3)
J736  735                B735(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q736MC                    J2_1. WHAT KINDS OF OBLIGATIONS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER:    SHOW CARD 7
/                    CODE ALL THAT APPLY
/
/
/    What kinds of obligations are these?
C1                        EDUCATION OF CHILDREN
C2                        EDUCATION: OTHERS
C3                        BUYING A HOME
C4                        HEALTH CARE: R/SPOUSE/PARTNER
C5                        HEALTH CARE: OTHERS
C6                        OTHER
C10
G                         1/6
J737  737  738            736(6)
Q737U                     J2_1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/   PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q738B      19             J2_2. SAVING NOW
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=736U(1/6)=
/    Are you saving for these expenses now?
/~ELSE
/    Are you saving for this expense now?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J739  738                B738(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q739B                     J3. PLANNING PERIOD
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    INTERVIEWER: SHOW CARD 8
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    In planning your saving and spending, which of the time periods
/    listed on this page is most important to you?
/~ELSE
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    In planning your family's saving and spending, which of the time periods
/    listed on this page is most important to you ^35(1/3)?
/~ELSE
/    In planning your family's saving and spending, which of the time periods
/    listed on this page is most important to you?
/~END
/~END
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        NEXT FEW MONTHS
C2                        NEXT YEAR
C3                        NEXT FEW YEARS
C4                        NEXT 5-10 YEARS
C5                        LONGER THAN 10 YEARS
J740  739                B739(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q740B                     J5. FINANCIAL RISK
/                                                                            QxQ
/    INTERVIEWER: SHOW CARD 9
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Which of the statements on this page comes closest to the amount of
/    financial risk that you ^35(1/3) are willing
/    to take when you save or make investments?
/~ELSE
/    Which of the statements on this page comes closest to the amount of
/    financial risk that you are willing to take when you save or make 
/    investments?
/~END
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  READ ANSWERS ONLY IF NECESSARY. IF MORE THAN ONE 
/                  RESPONSE IS GIVEN USE THE FIRST CATEGORY THAT APPLIES.
/^C1
/
/^B
C0
C1                        TAKE SUBSTANTIAL FINANCIAL RISKS EXPECTING TO EARN SUB
/STANTIAL RETURNS
C2                        TAKE ABOVE AVERAGE FINANCIAL RISKS EXPECTING TO EARN A
/BOVE AVERAGE RETURNS
C3                        TAKE AVERAGE FINANCIAL RISKS EXPECTING TO EARN AVERAGE
/ RETURNS
C4                        NOT WILLING TO TAKE ANY FINANCIAL RISKS
J741  740                B740(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q741MC                    J6. SAVING HABITS
/                                                                            QxQ
/    INTERVIEWER:    SHOW CARD 10
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Which of the following statements on this page comes closest to
/    describing your ^35(1/3)'s saving habits?
/~ELSE
/    Which of the following statements on this page comes closest to
/    describing your saving habits?
/~END
/
/    INTERVIEWER:    DO NOT PROBE FOR MORE THAN ONE RESPONSE.
/                    ENTER MULTIPLE RESPONSES ONLY IF R VOLUNTEERS THEM
C1                        DON'T SAVE - USUALLY SPEND MORE THAN INCOME
C2                        DON'T SAVE - USUALLY SPEND ABOUT AS MUCH AS INCOME
C3                        SAVE WHATEVER IS LEFT OVER AT THE END OF THE MONTH - N
/O REGULAR PLAN
C4                        SAVE INCOME OF ONE FAMILY MEMBER, SPEND THE OTHER
C5                        SPEND REGULAR INCOME, SAVE OTHER INCOME
C6                        SAVE REGULARLY BY PUTTING MONEY ASIDE EACH MONTH
C10
G                         1/6
Q742B                     J7. HOW RATE RETIREMENT INCOME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER: SHOW CARD 11
/
/    Looking at this card, how would you rate the retirement income you 
/    (receive or expect to receive) from Social Security and job pensions?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        1. TOTALLY INADEQUATE
C2                        2.
C3                        3. ENOUGH TO MAINTAIN LIVING STANDARDS
C4                        4.
C5                        5. VERY SATISFACTORY
J743  742                B742(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q743B                     J9. SPENDING
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Over the past year, would you say that your spending exceeded your
/    income, that it was about the same as your income, or that you spent 
/    less than your income?
/~ELSE
/    Over the past year, would you say that your family's spending
/    exceeded your family's income, that it was about the same as
/    your income, or that you spent less than your income? 
/~END
/    (Spending should not include any investments you have made.)
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        SPENDING EXCEEDED INCOME
C2                        SPENDING EQUALLED INCOME
C3                        SPENDING WAS LESS THAN INCOME
J744  748                 743(2)
J744  749                 743(3.K2.K3)
J744  743                B743(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q744B      19             J9_1. INCLUDE HOME, AUTO
/
/
/
/    Did any of that spending include purchases of a home or automobile or
/    spending for any investments?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J745  746                 744(2)
J745  744                B744(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q745B                     J9_2. INCLUDING ONLY HOUSE
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Including only monthly payments on your house or car and leaving aside
/    any spending on investments, over the past year, would you say that
/    your spending exceeded your income, that it was about the same as your 
/    income, or that you spent less than your income?
/~ELSE
/    Including only monthly payments on your house or car and leaving aside
/    any spending on investments, over the past year, would you say that
/    your family's spending exceeded your family's income, that it was about
/    the same as your income, or that you spent less than your income?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        SPENDING EXCEEDED INCOME
C2                        SPENDING EQUALLED INCOME
C3                        SPENDING WAS LESS THAN INCOME
J746  749                 745(2.3.K2.K3)
J746  745                B745(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q746B                     J9_3. MAKE UP DIFFERENCE
/
/
/
/    To make up the difference, did you borrow additional money, did you
/    spend out of savings or investments, or did you do something else?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        BORROWED MONEY
C2                        SPENT OUT OF SAVINGS INVESTMENTS
C3                        OTHER 
J747  746                B746(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J747  748                 746(N3)
Q747U                     J9_3V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J748  749                 746(A)
Q748B      19             J9_4. INCLUDE HOME, AUTO
/
/
/
/    Did any of that spending include purchases of a home or automobile or
/    spending for any investments?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J749  748                B748(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q749UB          8         J10. THINK YOU NEED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    About how much do you think you need to have in savings for 
/    unanticipated emergencies and other unexpected things that
/    may come up?
/~ELSE
/    About how much do you think you and your family need to have in
/    savings for unanticipated emergencies and other unexpected things that
/    may come up?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",0/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J750  751                 749(0+"0")
Q750T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^749
C2                        6
J751  749                B750("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
********************************************************************************
*                      SECTION N: FINANCIAL ASSETS                             *
********************************************************************************
Q751B      19             N1.HAVE CHECKING ACCOUNTS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/     Now I'd like to ask about different types of financial assets that
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     you might have.  First, do you have any checking accounts at any 
/     type of institution?
/~ELSE 
/     you might have.  First, do you or anyone in your family living here 
/     have any checking accounts at any type of institution?
/~END
/
/     PROBE:  Please do not include any money market accounts unless you
/     use them regularly as checking accounts.
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         B
J752  751                B751(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J752  756                 751(1)
Q752B      19             N2.EVER HAD CHECKING ACCOUNT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     Have you ever had a checking account?
/~ELSE 
/     Have you or anyone in your family living here ever had a checking
/     account?
/~END
/
/                                 ^B
J753  752                B752(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J753  774                 751(K2.K3)
Q753B                     N2_1.REASON DON'T HAVE CHECKING ACCOUNT
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/     (SHOW CARD 12)  Looking at this list, please tell me which is the most
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     important reason you don't have a checking account.
/~ELSE 
/     important reason your family doesn't have a checking account.
/~END
/
/                 ^B
C0
C01                       Don't write enough checks to make it worthwhile
C02                       Minimum balance is too high
C03                       Do not like dealing with banks
C04                       Service charges are too high
C05                       No bank has convenient hours or location
C06                       Other 
J754  753                B753(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J754  756                 753(N6)
Q754U                     N2_1V.
/
/
/               PLEASE SPECIFY
V                         M!a_!
J756  774                 753(A)  
Q756UB          2         N3.NUMBER OF CHECKING ACCOUNTS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     How many checking accounts do you have?
/~ELSE 
/     How many checking accounts do you and your family living here have?
/~END
/     (IF R ASKS: INCLUDE MONEY MARKET ACCOUNTS ONLY IF THEY ARE USED AS 
/     CHECKING ACCOUNTS)
/
/                   ^B # ACCOUNTS
V                         (1/20){Nn}
Q757S      
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
C4                        4
C5                        5
C6                        6
Q758B                     N4.INSTITUTION
/CHECKING ACCOUNT: ^757 OF ^756
/
/~IF 757(1)+756(1)
/  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Thinking about your checking
/  account, is this account with any of the institutions on the Institutions
/  Card, or from someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)
/  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?) (INTERVIEWER: CHECK 
/  THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)
/~ELSE 757(1)+756(N1)
/  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Thinking about your main checking
/  account, the one used to write most of your checks, is this account with
/  any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?
/  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type
/  of institution is that?) (INTERVIEWER: CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND
/  UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)
/~ELSE 
/  Please look at the Institutions Card. Thinking about the next account,
/  is this account with any of the institutions on the Institutions Card,
/  or from someplace else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)  (IF
/  SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of institution is that?) (INTERVIEWER:
/  CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION
/  IS MENTIONED.)
/~END
/^C2
/              ^B
C0
C01                       ^45M43(1)=
C02                       ^45M43(2)=
C03                       ^45M43(3)=
C04                       ^45M43(4)=
C05                       ^45M43(5)=
C06                       ^45M43(6)=
C07                       OTHER 
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAV BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C16                       BROKERAGE
G                         0
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")=
G                         '<1/6(=0A('<0/5()=43AM45(N"<")=
G                         7
G                         11/16=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/16
J759  758                B758(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J759  759  760            M43(Q758)+45("<")
Q759B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q758)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J760  761                 758(N7)
Q760U                     N4V.           
/
/
/                 PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q761UB          7         N5.AMOUNT IN CHECKING ACCOUNT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/CHECKING ACCOUNT: ^757 OF ^756                                              
/
/
/    How much is in this account? (What was the average over the last
/    month?)  IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                       ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J762  763                 761(0+"0")
Q762T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^761
C2                        7
J763  761                B762("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q763B      19             N6. MONEY-MARKET TYPE ACCOUNT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/CHECKING ACCOUNT: ^757 OF ^756                                              
/
/
/                  Is this a money market-type account?
/
/                                 ^B
J764  763                B763(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J764  766                 6(1)
J764  766                 6(2)+M7(2)+25(2.K2.K3)
Q764B                     N6_2.JOINT, YOUR NAME, SPOUSE'S NAME
/                                                                            QxQ
/CHECKING ACCOUNT: ^757 OF ^756                                              
/
/
/~IF M7(2)+8(1)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint checking account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your husband's name, or something else?
/~ELSE M7(2)+8(2)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint checking account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your wife's name, or something else?
/~ELSE M7(3)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint checking account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your partner's name, or something else?
/~ELSE 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/        Is this checking account in your name, or something else?
/~ELSE 
/   Is this a joint checking account, or is the account in your name?
/~END
/
/                           ^B
C0
C1                        Joint account
C2                        R's account
C3                        Spouse's/partner's account
C4                        Other family member's account
C5                        Other 
G                         0
G                         1=0A(G1)=6AM25(N2)=
G                         2
G                         3=M7(2)+25(N2)
G              .          3=M7(3)+25(N2)
G                         4=M7(G3)+25(N2)
G                         5
G                        E1/5
J765  764                B764(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J765  766                 764(N5)
Q765U                     N6_2V.           
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J766  767                 757(6)+756(G6)=:1:
Q766B      19             N7.ANOTHER CHECKING ACCOUNT?
/CHECKING ACCOUNT: ^757 OF ^756
/
/~IF 757(LQ756)
/        INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ANOTHER ACCOUNT?
/~ELSE 
/                Do you have another checking account?
/~END
/
/                                 ^B
J757  766                B766(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J757  769                 766(2.K2.K3)+756(LE1)
J757  767                 766(2.K2.K3)+756(G1)
R757  766                 
J767  769                 766(K2.K3)
J767  767  769            766(1).757(LQ756)
Q767UB          9         N8.AMOUNT IN REMAINING CHECKING ACCOUNTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/CHECKING
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much is in all your remaining checking accounts?  (What was the 
/   average over the last month?)
/~ELSE 
/   How much is in all your family's remaining checking accounts?  
/   (What was the average over the last month?)
/~END
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                   ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J768  769                 767(0+"0")
Q768T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^767
C2                        6
J769  767                B768("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q769B                     CHECKING
/
/
/   NO.   INSTITUTION         AMOUNT      MONEY MKT      JOINT
/   '^757M757(1)4(  '^75817(   '^76110(  '^76312(   '^76414(
/   '^757M757(2)4(  '^75817(   '^76110(  '^76312(   '^76414(
/   '^757M757(3)4(  '^75817(   '^76110(  '^76312(   '^76414(
/   '^757M757(4)4(  '^75817(   '^76110(  '^76312(   '^76414(
/   '^757M757(5)4(  '^75817(   '^76110(  '^76312(   '^76414(
/   '^757M757(6)4(  '^75817(   '^76110(  '^76312(   '^76414(
/
/~IF 767("range".K2.K3.G0)
/   AMOUNT IN REMAINING CHECKING ACCOUNTS: ^767
/~END
/
/                   ^B
C1                        CONTINUE
C2                        ADD MORE
G                         1
G                         2=757(L6)
V                         B
J770  766                B769(2)=CHANGE ANSWER TO YES TO ADD MORE
Q770B                     N9.REASON CHOSE INSTITUTION
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    (SHOW CARD 13) Which of the reasons on this card is the most important
/    reason you chose the institution that you did for your main checking 
/    account?  Was it because of the location of their offices, because they 
/    had the lowest fees or minimum balance requirement, because you were 
/    able to obtain many services at one place, because they offered safety 
/    and an absence of risk, or some other reason?
/~ELSE
/    (SHOW CARD 13) Which of the reasons on this card is the most important
/    reason your family living here chose the institution that you did for 
/    your main checking account?  Was it because of the location of 
/    their offices, because they had the lowest fees or minimum balance 
/    requirement, because you were able to obtain many services at one place,
/    because they offered safety and an absence of risk, or some other reason?
/~END
/
/                           ^B
C0
C01                       Location of offices
C02                       Low fees
C03                       Many services in one place
C04                       Safety
C05                       Other 
J771  770                B770(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J771  772                 770(N5)
Q771U                     N9V.           
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q772UB          2         N9_1.# OF YEARS W/INSTITUTION
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     For how many years have you done business with this institution?
/~ELSE 
/     For how many years has someone in your family living here done business 
/     with this institution?
/~END
/
/
/                     ENTER YEARS:^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J774  772                B772(GQ17)+17(G0)=ANSWER CAN'T BE MORE THAN AGE OF OLDE
/ST HH MEMBER (^17)
Q774B                     N10.HAVE IRA/KEOGH?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you have any Individual Retirement Accounts, that is, IRA or
/   Keogh accounts?
/~ELSE
/   Do you or anyone in your family here have any Individual Retirement
/   Accounts, that is, IRA or Keogh accounts?
/~END
/
/                                 ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
J775  774                B774(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J775  790                 774(N1)
Q775S      
C1                        R's
C2                        spouse/partner's
C3                        other family members'
G                         1=774(1)
G                         2=M7(2/3)+25(N2)
G                         3=M7(4/39)+25(N2)
J776  777                 6(1)=:1:
J776  777                 M7(2)+25(2.K2.K3)=:1:
Q776B      774            N10_1.IRA/KEOGH ACCOUNTS YOURS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 775(1)
/              Are any of the IRA or Keogh accounts yours?
/~ELSE 775(2)
/~IF M7(2)+25(N2)
/            Does your spouse have IRA or Keogh accounts?
/~ELSE 
/            Does your partner have IRA or Keogh accounts?
/~END
/
/~ELSE 775(3)
/       Do any other family members have IRA or Keogh accounts?
/~END
/
/                               ^B
J777  776                B776(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J777  775                 776(A+N1)
Q777UB          2         N11.NUMBER OF IRA/KEOGH ACCOUNTS
/
/
/~IF 775(1)
/             How many IRA and Keogh accounts do you have?
/~ELSE 775(2)
/~IF M7(2)+25(N2)
/           How many IRA and Keogh accounts does your spouse have?
/~ELSE 
/           How many IRA and Keogh accounts does your partner have?
/~END
/
/~ELSE 775(3)
/      How many IRA and Keogh accounts do your other family members have?
/~END
/
/                              ^B # ACCTS
V                         !U__!(1/99)
J778  775                 777(0+"0").777(K2)
J778  779  
Q778X      
C1                        are these
C2                        is this an
C3                        accounts
C4                        account
C5                        Are they
C6                        Is this
C7                        all of your
C8                        this
G                         1,3,5,7=777(N1)
G                         2,4,6,8=777(1)
Q779B                     N12.IRA OR KEOGH?
/                                                                            QxQ
/^775 IRA/KEOGH                                                              
/
/~IF 775(1)
/   About your ^778(3.4), ^778(1.2) IRA or Keogh ^778(3.4)? 
/~ELSE 775(2)
/~IF M7(2)+25(N2)
/   About your spouse's ^778(3.4), ^778(1.2) IRA or Keogh ^778(3.4)? 
/~ELSE 
/   About your partner's ^778(3.4), ^778(1.2) IRA or Keogh ^778(3.4)? 
/~END
/
/~ELSE 
/   About your ^775 ^778(3.4), ^778(1.2) IRA or Keogh ^778(3.4)? 
/~END
/
/                               ^B
C0
C1                        IRA
C2                        KEOGH
C3                        IRA AND KEOGH
G                         0,1,2
G                         3=777(G1.K2.K3)
J780  779                B779(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q780MC                    N13.INSTITUTION
/                                                                            QxQ
/^775 IRA/KEOGH                                                              
/
/     Please look at the Institutions Card. ^778(5.6) with any of the 
/     institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?
/     (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.)  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution(s)?)
/     (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type(s) of institution(s)?  (INTERVIEWER: CHECK
/     INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)
C01                       ^45M43(1)=
C02                       ^45M43(2)=
C03                       ^45M43(3)=
C04                       ^45M43(4)=
C05                       ^45M43(5)=
C06                       ^45M43(6)=
C07                       OTHER 
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAV BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C16                       BROKERAGE
G                         0,1/7
G                         11/16=0A(6.0)=43AM45(N"<")=
G                        E1/16
J781  780                B0(GQ777)+777(G0)=780U(1/16)==NUMBER OF ACCOUNTS IS ^77
/7, CAN'T HAVE MORE THAN ^777 INSTITUTIONS
J781  781  782            M43(Q780)+45("<")
Q781B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q780)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J782  783                 780(N7)
Q782U                     N13V.           
/
/
/                 PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q783UB          7         N14.TOTAL AMOUNT IN ACCOUNTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/^775 IRA KEOGH                                                              
/
/
/~IF 775(1)
/           How much in total is in your ^778(3.4)?
/           IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~ELSE 775(2)
/~IF M7(2)+25(N2)
/           How much in total is in your spouse's ^778(3.4)?
/           IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~ELSE 
/           How much in total is in your partner's ^778(3.4)?
/           IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~END
/
/~ELSE 
/           How much in total is in your ^775 ^778(3.4)?
/           IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/           
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J784  775                 783(0+"0")
Q784T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^783
C2                        6
J775  783                B784("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
R775  784                 
Q785B                     IRA/KEOGH
/
/ (IRA/KEOGH ACCOUNTS)
/
/~IF M775(1)+776(1)
/  PERSON: ^775M775(1)=   NUMBER: ^777M775(1)=  TYPE(S): ^779M775(1)=
/  INSTITUTION(S): ^780M775(1)=
/  AMOUNT: ^783M775(1)=
/
/~END
/~IF M775(2)+776(1)
/  PERSON: ^775M775(2)=   NUMBER: ^777M775(2)=  TYPE(S): ^779M775(2)=
/  INSTITUTION(S): ^780M775(2)=
/  AMOUNT: ^783M775(2)=
/
/~END
/~IF M775(3)+776(1)
/  PERSON: ^775M775(3)=   NUMBER: ^777M775(3)=  TYPE(S): ^779M775(3)=
/  INSTITUTION(S): ^780M775(3)=
/  AMOUNT: ^783M775(3)=
/~END
/
/                           ^B
C1                        CONTINUE
V                         B
J786  787  
Q786X      
C1                        this
C2                        all of your
C3                        account
C4                        accounts
G                         1,3=0(1)=777M777(G0)=
G                         2,4=0(N1)=777M777(G0)=
Q787B                     N15.HOW IS IRA/KEOGH INVESTED?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  How is the money in ^786(1.2) IRA and Keogh ^786(3.4) invested?  Is most
/  of it in CDs or other bank accounts, most of it in stocks, most of it
/  in bonds or similar assets, or what?
/~ELSE 
/  How is the money in ^786(1.2) family's IRA and Keogh ^786(3.4) invested?  
/  Is most of it in CDs or other bank accounts, most of it in stocks, most 
/  of it in bonds or similar assets, or what?
/~END
/
/                         ^B
C0
C01                       CDs/Bank accounts
C02                       Stock
C03                       Bonds/Similar assets
C04                       Other 
J788  787                B787(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J788  790                 787(N4)
Q788U                     N15V.           
/
/
/                 PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q790B      19             N16.HAVE MONEY-MARKET ACCOUNTS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Not including any accounts I have already recorded, do you have any money
/   market accounts?  
/~ELSE
/   Not including any accounts I have already recorded, do you or anyone in 
/   your family here have any money market accounts?  
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J791  790                B790(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J791  807                 790(A+N1)
Q791UB          2         N16_1.NUMBER OF MONEY-MARKET ACCOUNTS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Altogether, how many of these money market accounts do you have?
/~ELSE
/   Altogether, how many of these money market accounts do you and your 
/   family living here have?
/~END
/
/                          ^B # OF MONEY MARKET ACCOUNTS
V                         (1/99){Nn}
Q792S      
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
Q793B      19             N17.CHECK WRITING PRIVILEGES?
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 792(LEQ791)
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792 OF ^791
/~ELSE
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792
/~END
/
/
/~IF 791(1)
/      Does this account have check-writing privileges?
/~ELSE 
/~IF 792(1)
/      Does the largest account have check-writing privileges?
/~ELSE 
/      Does the next largest account have check-writing privileges?
/~END
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J794  793                B793(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q794B      19             N18.TAX-FREE ACCOUNT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 792(LEQ791)
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792 OF ^791
/~ELSE
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792
/~END
/
/               Is this a tax-free money market account? 
/
/
/                              ^B
J795  794                B794(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q795B      758            N19.INSTITUTION
/~IF 792(LEQ791)
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792 OF ^791
/~ELSE
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792
/~END
/
/     Please look at the Institutions Card. Is this account with any
/     of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace
/     else?  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?) (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: 
/     What type of institution is that?)  (INTERVIEWER: CHECK INSTITUTIONS 
/     CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.) 
/ ^C2
/     ^B
J796  795                B795(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J796  796  797            M43(Q795)+45("<")
Q796B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q795)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J797  798                 795(N7)
Q797U                     N19V.           
/
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         !a_!
Q798UB          7         N20.AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 792(LEQ791)
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792 OF ^791
/~ELSE
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792
/~END
/
/
/            How much is in this account?  IF R GIVES A RANGE, 
/            PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                         ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J799  800                 798(0+"0")
Q799T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^798
C2                        5
J800  798                B799("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J800  802                 7(1)
Q800B      764            N20_2.JOINT, YOUR NAME, SPOUSE'S NAME
/~IF 792(LEQ791)
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792 OF ^791
/~ELSE
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792
/~END
/
/~IF M7(2)+8(1)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint money market account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your husband's name, or something else?
/~ELSE M7(2)+8(2)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint money market account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your wife's name, or something else?
/~ELSE M7(3)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint money market account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your partner's name, or something else?
/~ELSE 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Is this money market account in your name or something else?
/~ELSE 
/   Is this a joint money market account, or is the account in your name?
/~END
/
/                           ^B
J801  800                B800(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J801  802                 800(N5)
Q801U                     N20_2V.           
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J802  803                 792(3)+791(G3)=:1:
Q802B      19             N21.ANOTHER MONEY-MARKET ACCOUNT?
/~IF 792(LEQ791)
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792 OF ^791
/~ELSE
/MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT: ^792
/~END
/
/
/~IF 792(LQ791)
/        INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ANOTHER
/                      MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT?
/~ELSE 
/     Do you have another money market account I have not already recorded?
/~END
/
/                                 ^B
J792  802                B802(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J792  805                 802(2.K2.K3)+791(LE1)
J792  803                 802(2.K2.K3)+791(G1)
R792  802                 
J803  805                 802(K2.K3)
J803  803  805            802(1).792(LQ791)
Q803UB          9         N21_1.AMOUNT IN REMAINING ACCOUNTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much is in all your remaining money market accounts?
/~ELSE 
/   How much is in all your family's remaining money market accounts?
/~END
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                       ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J804  805                 803(0+"0")
Q804T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^803
C2                        5
J805  803                B804("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q805B                     MONEY MARKET.
/
/     (MONEY MARKET ACCOUNTS)
/
/     NO.      CHECKS  TAX FREE   INSTITUTION  AMOUNT        JOINT
/     '^792M792(1)3(      '^7935(    '^794(      '^79512(  '^79812(  '^800(
/     '^792M792(2)3(      '^7935(    '^794(      '^79512(  '^79812(  '^800(
/     '^792M792(3)3(      '^7935(    '^794(      '^79512(  '^79812(  '^800(
/
/~IF 803("range".K2.K3.G0)
/     AMOUNT IN REMAINING ACCOUNTS: ^803
/~END
/
/                         ^B
C1                        CONTINUE
C2                        ADD MORE
G                         1
G                         2=792(L3)
V                         B
J807  802                B805(2)=CHANGE ASWER TO 'YES' TO ADD MORE
Q807B      19             N22.HAVE CDS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Not including CDs that are part of IRAs or Keoghs, do you have any CDs 
/   or certificates of deposit at financial institutions?  
/~ELSE 
/   Not including CDs that are part of IRAs or Keoghs, do you or anyone in 
/   your family here have any CDs or certificates of deposit at financial 
/   institutions?  
/~END
/
/   (IF R ASKS:  CDs ARE CERTIFICATES HELD FOR A SET PERIOD OF TIME THAT
/   MUST BE CASHED OR RENEWED AT THE MATURITY DATE.)
/
/                               ^B
J808  807                B807(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J808  816                 807(A+N1)
Q808UB          3         N22_1.NUMBER OF CDS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/             Altogether, how many such CDs do you have?
/~ELSE
/   Altogether, how many such CDs do you and your family living here have?
/~END
/    
/                        ^B # CERTIFICATES
/
V                         (1/999)
Q809UB          9         N22_2.VALUE OF CDS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 808(G1)
/        What is the total dollar value of all these CDs?
/        IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~ELSE 
/          What is the total dollar value of this CD?
/          IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~END
/
/                      ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J810  811                 809(0+"0")
Q810T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^809
C2                        5
J811  809                B810("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q811MC     780            N22_3.INSTITUTION
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 808(1)
/
/   (Please look the at Institutions Card.) Is this CD with any of the 
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  
/   (CODE ALL THAT APPLY) (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD:  Which institution?)
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE:  What type of institution?) (INTERVIEWER:  
/   CHECK INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.) 
/~ELSE 
/   (Please look the at Institutions Card.) Are these CDs with any of the 
/   institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  
/   (CODE ALL THAT APPLY) (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD:  Which institutions?)
/   (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE:  What types of institutions?) (INTERVIEWER:  
/   CHECK INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.) 
/~END
/
J812  811                B0(GQ808)+808(G0)=811U(1/16)==SORRY, CAN'T HAVE MORE IN
/STITUTIONS THAN ACCOUNTS
J812  812  813            M43(Q811)+45("<")
Q812B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q811)+45("<")57(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J813  814                 811(N7)
Q813U                     N22_3V.           
/
/
/                        PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J814  815                 6(1)
Q814B      764            N22_4.JOINT, YOUR NAME, SPOUSE'S NAME
/
/
/~IF 808(1)
/
/~IF M7(2)+8(1)+25(N2)
/   Is this CD held jointly, or is it in your name, in your husband's name, 
/   or something else?
/~ELSE M7(2)+8(2)+25(N2)
/   Is this CD held jointly, or is it in your name, in your wife's name, or 
/   something else?
/~ELSE M7(3)+25(N2)
/   Is this CD held jointly, or is it in your name, in your partner's name, 
/   or something else?
/~ELSE 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/              Is this CD in your name or something else?
/~ELSE 
/          Is this CD held jointly, or is it in your name?
/~END
/
/~ELSE 
/~IF M7(2)+8(1)+25(N2)
/   Is most of the money in these CDs held jointly, or is most of it in your 
/   name, in your husband's name, or something else?
/~ELSE M7(2)+8(2)+25(N2)
/   Is most of the money in these CDs held jointly, or is most of it in your 
/   name, in your wife's name, or something else?
/~ELSE M7(3)+25(N2)
/   Is most of the money in these CDs held jointly, or is most of it in your 
/   name, in your partner's name, or something else?
/~ELSE 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/       Is most of the money in these CDs in your name or something else?
/~ELSE 
/     Is most of the money in these CDs held jointly, or is most of it in 
/     your name?
/~END
/
/~END
/
/                           ^B
J815  814                B814(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J815  816                 814(N5)
Q815U                     N22_4V.           
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q816B      19             N23.ANY OTHER ACCOUNTS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/SAVINGS                                                                     
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you have any other accounts at banks, savings and loan associations, 
/   or credit unions?  These could be passbook accounts, share accounts, 
/   Christmas Club accounts, or any other type of savings account.
/~ELSE
/   Do you or anyone in your family living here have any other accounts at 
/   banks, savings and loan associations, or credit unions?  These could be 
/   passbook accounts, share accounts, Christmas Club accounts, or any other 
/   type of savings account.
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J817  816                B816(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J817  831                 816(A+N1)
Q817UB          3         N23_1.NUMBER OF OTHER ACCOUNTS
/                                                                            QxQ
/SAVINGS                                                                     
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/              How many such accounts do you have?
/~ELSE 
/     How many such accounts do you and your family living here have?
/~END
/
/
/                       ^B # ACCOUNTS
V                         (1/999){Nnn}
Q818S      
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
C4                        4
C5                        5
Q819B      758            N24.INSTITUTION
/SAVINGS ACCOUNT: ^818 OF ^817
/
/~IF 817(1)
/  Please look at the Institutions Card.  Is this account with any of 
/  the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?
/  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type
/  of institution is that?) (INTERVIEWER: CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND
/  UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)
/~ELSE 
/~IF 818(1)
/  Please look at the Institutions Card. Is the largest account with any 
/  of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  (IF
/  INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of 
/  institution is that?) (INTERVIEWER:  CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE 
/  IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)
/~ELSE 
/  Please look at the Institutions Card. Is the next largest account with any 
/  of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?  (IF
/  INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution?)  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type of 
/  institution is that?) (INTERVIEWER:  CHECK THE INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE 
/  IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)
/~END
/
/~END
/^C2
/              ^B
J820  819                B819(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J820  820  821            M43(Q819)+45("<")
Q820B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^41M41(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q819)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J821  823                 819(N7)
Q821U                     N24V.           
/
/
/                 PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q823UB          7         N25.AMOUNT IN SAVINGS ACCOUNT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/SAVINGS ACCOUNT: ^818 OF ^817
/
/
/    How much is in this account? IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                       ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J824  825                 823(0+"0")
Q824T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^823
C2                        7
J825  823                B824("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J825  827                 6(1)
Q825B      764            N25_2.JOINT, YOUR NAME, SPOUSE'S NAME
/SAVINGS ACCOUNT: ^818 OF ^817
/
/
/~IF M7(2)+8(1)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint savings account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your husband's name, or something else?
/~ELSE M7(2)+8(2)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint savings account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your wife's name, or something else?
/~ELSE M7(3)+25(N2)
/   Is this a joint savings account, or is the account in your name,
/   in your partner's name, or something else?
/~ELSE 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/        Is this savings account in your name or something else?
/~ELSE 
/   Is this a joint savings account, or is the account in your name?
/~END
/
/                           ^B
J826  825                B825(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J826  827                 825(N4)
Q826U                     N25_2V.           
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J827  828                 818(5)+817(G5)=:1:
Q827B      19             N26.ANOTHER SAVINGS ACCOUNT?
/SAVINGS ACCOUNT: ^818 OF ^817
/
/
/~IF 818(LQ817)
/        INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ANOTHER
/                      SAVINGS ACCOUNT?
/~ELSE 
/                Do you have another savings account?
/~END
/
/                                 ^B
J818  827                B827(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J818  830                 827(2.K2.K3)+817(LE1)
J818  828                 827(2.K2.K3)+817(G1)
R818  827                 
J828  830                 827(K2.K3)
J828  828  830            827(1).818(LQ817)
Q828UB          9         N26_1.AMOUNT IN REMAINING SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   How much is in all your remaining savings accounts?  (What was the 
/   average over the last month?)
/~ELSE 
/   How much is in all your family's remaining savings accounts?  
/   (What was the average over the last month?)
/~END
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.  
/
/                   ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J829  830                 828(0+"0")
Q829T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^828
C2                        7
J830  828                B829("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q830B                     SAVINGS.
/
/     (SAVINGS ACCOUNTS)
/
/     NO.        INSTITUTION       AMOUNT         JOINT
/     '^818M818(1)8(   '^81915(   '^82312(   '^8259(
/     '^818M818(2)8(   '^81915(   '^82312(   '^8259(
/     '^818M818(3)8(   '^81915(   '^82312(   '^8259(
/     '^818M818(4)8(   '^81915(   '^82312(   '^8259(
/     '^818M818(5)8(   '^81915(   '^82312(   '^8259(
/
/~IF 828("range".K2.K3.G0)
/     AMOUNT IN REMAINING ACCOUNTS: ^828
/~END
/
/                          ^B
C1                        CONTINUE
C2                        ADD MORE
G                         1
G                         2=818(L5)
V                         B
J831  827                B830(2)=CHANGE ANSWER TO YES TO ADD MORE
Q831B      19             N27.SHARES IN MUTUAL FUNDS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   Not including any pension-type, thrift-saving, 401K, or IRA/Keogh 
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   plans, do you have any shares in mutual funds?
/~ELSE 
/   plans, do you or anyone in your family here have any shares in mutual 
/   funds?  
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J832  831                B831(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J832  852                 831(A+N1)
Q832S      
C1                        Stock Funds
C2                        Tax-Free Bond Funds
C3                        Government or Government backed Bond Funds
C4                        Other Bond Funds
C5                        Combination funds or any other mutual funds
Q833B      22             N28.DO YOU HAVE (TYPE MUTUAL FUND)
/                                                                            QxQ
/MUTUAL FUNDS                                                                
/
/
/~IF 832(1)
/  I need to know what types of mutual funds you have.  Do you have. . .
/  ^832?
/~ELSE 
/  Do you have. . .
/  ^832?
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J834  833                B833(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J834  836                 833(A+N1)
Q834UB          7         N29.MARKET VALUE OF (TYPE MUTUAL FUND)
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/MUTUAL FUNDS
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 832(1.2.4)
/    What is the total market value of all of the ^832 
/    that you have?
/~ELSE 832(5)
/    What is the total market value of all of the Combination funds or
/    any other mutual funds that you have?
/~ELSE 832(3)
/    What is the total market value of all of the Government or Government
/    backed Bond Funds that you have?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 832(1.2.4)
/    What is the total market value of all of the ^832 
/    that you and your family living here have?
/~ELSE 832(5)
/    What is the total market value of all of the Combination funds or
/    any other mutual funds that you and your family living here have?
/~ELSE 832(3)
/    What is the total market value of all of the Government or Government
/    backed Bond Funds that you and your family living here have?
/~END
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                       ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J835  836                 834(0+"0")
Q835T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^834
C2                        5
J836  834                B835("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q836UT          14        |833U(1)=+836
R832  836                 
J837  841                 M833(1.K2)
Q837U                     N29V.EXPLAIN
/
/
/        PLEASE EXPLAIN TYPE OF MUTUAL FUNDS.
V                         !a_!
Q838UB          7         N29_6.TOTAL VALUE OF MUTUAL FUNDS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/MUTUAL FUNDS
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   What is the total market value of all of the mutual funds that you have?
/~ELSE 
/   What is the total market value of all of the mutual funds that you and
/   your family living here have?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                       ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J839  841                 838(0+"0")
Q839T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^838
C2                        5
J841  838                B839("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q841B                     MUTUAL FUNDS.
/
/
/   TYPE                      HELD?     MKT VALUE
/   '^832M832(G0)22(    '^833(      '^83412(
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/                   ^B
C1                        CONTINUE
V                         B
Q842UB          3         N27_1.NUMBER OF MUTUAL FUNDS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   In how many different mutual funds do you own shares?  
/~ELSE
/   In how many different mutual funds does your family own shares?  
/~END
/   (INTERVIEWER:  WE WANT THE NUMBER OF FUNDS, NOT THE NUMBER OF FUND
/   MANAGEMENT COMPANIES.)
/
/                        ^B# MUTUAL FUNDS
V                         (1/999)
J843  842                B842(LQ836)+842(G0)=ANSWER CAN'T BE LESS THAN THAN NUMB
/ER OF DIFFERENT TYPES HELD (^836)
J843  843                 842(K2.K3).836(0)
Q843B                     N30.GAIN OR LOSS IN VALUE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Overall has there been a gain or loss in the value of all these mutual 
/   fund shares since you obtained them?
/~ELSE
/   Overall has there been a gain or loss in the value of all these mutual 
/   fund shares since you or someone in your family here obtained them?
/~END
/
/                         ^B
C0
C1                        Gain
C2                        Neither gain nor loss
C3                        Loss
J844  843                B843(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J844  848                 843(A+N1)
Q844B                     N30_1.PERCENT OR AMOUNT GAINED
/
/
/     How much have they gained in value since they were obtained?
/     
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER PERCENT
C2                        ENTER AMOUNT
J845  844                B844(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J845  846                 844(A+N1)
Q845UB          6         N30_1A.PERCENT GAIN
/
/             
/                   ^B PERCENT GAIN
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/999.99)
J846  848                 844(N2)
Q846UB          7         N30_1B.AMOUNT GAIN
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B AMOUNT GAIN
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J847  848                 846(0+"0")
Q847T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^846
C2                        6
J848  846                B847("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J848  852                 843(N3)
Q848B                     N30_2.PERCENT OR AMOUNT LOST
/
/
/     How much have they lost in value since they were obtained?
/     
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER PERCENT
C2                        ENTER AMOUNT
J849  848                B848(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J849  850                 848(A+N1)
Q849UB          6         N30_2A.PERCENT LOST
/
/             
/                   ^B PERCENT LOST
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/100)
J850  852                 848(N2)
Q850UB          7         N30_2B.AMOUNT LOST
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B AMOUNT LOST
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J851  852                 850(0+"0")
Q851T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^850
C2                        6
J852  850                B851("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q852B      19             N31.HAVE GOVERNMENT BONDS?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  Do you have any U.S. government savings bonds?  (THESE MAY BE CALLED
/  SERIES EE OR HH.  ONE WAY THEY CAN BE PURCHASED IS BY PAYROLL DEDUCTION.)
/~ELSE 
/  Do you or anyone in your family here have any U.S. government savings
/  bonds?  (THESE MAY BE CALLED SERIES EE OR HH.  ONE WAY THEY CAN BE
/  PURCHASED IS BY PAYROLL DEDUCTION.)
/~END
/
/
/                               ^B
V                         B
J853  852                B852(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J853  855                 852(A+N1)
Q853UB          9         N31_1.VALUE OF SAVINGS BONDS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/     What is the total face value of all the savings bonds that you
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     have?
/~ELSE
/     and your family have?
/~END
/
/     IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                     ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q854T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^853
C2                        7
J855  853                B854("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q855B      19             N32.HAVE ANY OTHER BONDS?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Not including any bonds or bills held in pension accounts or trusts, 
/    or in accounts I have already recorded, do you have any other corporate, 
/    municipal, government, or other type of bonds or bills?  
/~ELSE 
/    Not including any bonds or bills held in pension accounts or trusts, 
/    or in accounts I have already recorded, do you or anyone here have any 
/    other corporate, municipal, government, or other type of bonds or bills?  
/~END
/
/                              ^B
V                         B
J856  855                B855(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J856  870                 855(A+N1)
Q856S                     N33_1-5.
C1                        Mortgage-backed bonds
C2                        U.S. Government bonds or Treasury bills
C3                        State or municipal bonds, or other taxfree bonds
C4                        Foreign bonds
C5                        Corporate or any other type of bonds
Q857B      19             N33_1-5.DO YOU HAVE (BOND TYPE)
/                                                                            QxQ
/BONDS                                                                       
/
/
/~IF 856(1)
/  I need to know what types of bonds or bills you have.  Do you have. . .
/  Mortgage-backed bonds such as those from "Ginnie-Mae", "Fannie-Mae" or 
/  "Freddie-Mac"?
/~ELSE 
/  Do you have. . .
/  ^856?
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J858  857                B857(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J858  862                 857(A+N1)
Q858UB          8         N34_1-5.VALUE OF (BOND TYPE) 
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 856(N3)
/ What is the face value of all of the ^856 
/ that you have?
/~ELSE
/ What is the face value of all of the State or municipal bonds, or other 
/ taxfree bonds that you have?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 856(N3)
/ What is the face value of all of the 
/ ^856 
/ that you and your family living here have?
/~ELSE
/ What is the face value of all of the State or municipal bonds, or other 
/ taxfree bonds that you and your family living here have?
/~END
/~END
/
/ IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q859T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^858
C2                        1
J860  858                B859("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q860UB          8         N34_6-11.
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/     What is the total market value? IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                   ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q861T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^860
C2                        1
J862  860                B861("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q862UT          14        |857U(1)=+862
R856  862                 
J863  868                 M857(1.K2)
Q863U                     N34_11V.EXPLAIN
/
/
/
/      PLEASE EXPLAIN TYPE OF BONDS.
V                         !a_!
Q864UB          8         N34_12.FACE VALUE OF BONDS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/ What is the face value of all of the bonds that you have?
/~ELSE
/ What is the face value of all of the bonds that you and your
/ family living here have?
/~END
/
/ IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q865T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^864
C2                        1
J866  864                B865("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q866UB          8         N34_13.MARKET VALUE OF BONDS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/      What is the total market value?  IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                   ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q867T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^866
C2                        1
J868  866                B867("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q868UB          3         N32_1.NUMBER OF BONDS/BILLS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     How many different bonds or bills do you own?
/~ELSE
/     How many different bonds or bills do you or your family own?
/~END
/
/
/                   ^B # BONDS OR BILLS
/
V                         (1/999)
J869  869                 836(0).868(K2.K3)
J869  868                B868(LQ862)+868(G0)=ANSWER CAN'T BE LESS THAN NUMBER OF
/ DIFFERENT TYPES HELD (^836)
Q869B                     BONDS.
/
/
/   TYPE                      HELD?     FACE VALUE    MKT VALUE
/   '^856M856(G0)22(    '^857(      '^8589(     '^8609(
/
/
/
/
/
/
/
/                   ^B
C1                        CONTINUE
V                         B
Q870B      19             N35.OWN PUBLICLY TRADED STOCK?
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/
/   Not including any stock held through mutual funds, pension accounts or
/   trusts, or in accounts or businesses that I have already recorded,
/   do you own any stock which is publicly traded?
/~ELSE 
/
/   Not including any stock held through mutual funds, pension accounts or
/   trusts, or in accounts or businesses that I have already recorded,
/   do you or anyone in your family living here own any stock which is
/   publicly traded?
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J871  870                B870(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J871  892                 870(A+N1)
Q871UB          3         N36.NUMBER OF DIFFERENT STOCKS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/          In how many different companies do you own stock?
/~ELSE
/    In how many different companies do you or your family living here own 
/    stock?
/~END
/
/                          ^B # COMPANIES
/
V                         (1/999)
Q872UB          9         N37.MARKET VALUE OF STOCKS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/            What is the total market value of this stock?
/            IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                         ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q873T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^872
C2                        1
J883  872                B873("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q883B      19             N39.STOCK IN COMPANY WHERE WORKED?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Of your publicly-traded stock, is any of it stock in a company where 
/    you work or have worked?
/~ELSE 
/    Of your family's publicly-traded stock, is any of it stock in a company 
/    where you or anyone in your family living here work or have worked?
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J884  883                B883(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J884  887                 883(A+N1)
Q884B      22             N39_05.THIS STOCK INCLUDED IN TOTALS?
/
/
/        Is this stock included in the totals you gave before?
/
/
/                               ^B
Q885UB          9         N39_1.MARKET VALUE OF STOCK
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/     What is the total market value of your stock in the company?
/     IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                      ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q886T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^885
C2                        3
J887  885                B886("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J887  885                B886(GQ873)+873(G0)+884(1)=CAN'T BE MORE THAN TOTAL VAL
/UE OF ALL STOCK HELD ($^873)
Q887B      19             N39_2.STOCK IN FOREIGN COMPANY?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     Of your stock, is any of it stock in a company headquartered outside
/     of the United States?
/~ELSE
/     Of your family's stock, is any of it stock in a company headquartered
/     outside of the United States?
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J888  887                B887(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q888B      22             N39_2_1.STOCK INCLUDED IN TOTAL?
/
/
/        Is this stock included in the totals you gave before?
/
/
/                               ^B
Q890UB          9         N39_3.MARKET VALUE OF STOCK
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/     What is the total market value in dollars of this stock?
/     IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                      ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q891T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^890
C2                        3
J874  890                B891("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J874  890                B891(GQ873)+873(G0)=AMOUNT CANNOT BE MORE THAN TOTAL ST
/OCK
Q874B                     N38.GAIN OR LOSS IN VALUE OF STOCK
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Overall has there been a gain or loss in the value of this stock since 
/   you obtained it?
/~ELSE
/   Overall has there been a gain or loss in the value of all of your 
/   family's stock since you or someone in your family here obtained it?
/~END
/
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        Gain
C2                        Neither gain nor loss
C3                        Loss
J875  874                B874(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J875  879                 874(A+N1)
Q875B                     N38_1.PERCENT OR AMOUNT GAINED
/
/
/     How much has it gained in value since it was obtained?
/     
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER PERCENT
C2                        ENTER AMOUNT
J876  875                B875(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J876  877                 875(A+N1)
Q876UB          6         N38_1A.PERCENT GAIN
/
/             
/                   ^B PERCENT GAIN
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/999.99)
J877  879                 875(N2)
Q877UB          7         N38_1B.AMOUNT GAIN
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B AMOUNT GAIN
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q878T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^877
C2                        6
J879  877                B878("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J879  877                B877(GQ873)+873(G0)=AMOUNT CANNOT BE MORE THAN MARKET V
/ALUE ($^873)
J879  892                 874(N3)
Q879B                     N38_2.PERCENT OR AMOUNT LOST
/
/
/     How much has it lost in value since it was obtained?
/     
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER PERCENT
C2                        ENTER AMOUNT
J880  879                B879(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J880  881                 879(A+N1)
Q880UB          6         N38_2A.PERCENT LOST
/
/             
/                   ^B PERCENT LOST
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/100)
J881  892                 879(N2)
Q881UB          7         N38_2B.AMOUNT LOST
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B AMOUNT LOST
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q882T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^881
C2                        6
J892  881                B882("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q892B      19             N40.BROKERAGE ACCOUNT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you have a brokerage account for the purchase or sale of stocks and 
/    other securities?
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family here have a brokerage account for the 
/    purchase or sale of stocks and other securities?
/~END
/
/                               ^B
J893  892                B892(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J893  907                 892(A+N1)
Q893MC     780            N40_1.INSTITUTION
/                                                                            QxQ
/  Please look at the Institutions Card.  (Is this/Are these) account(s) with
/  any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or from someplace else?
/  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.)  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution(s)?)
/  (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What type(s) of institution(s)?)  (INTERVIEWER:
/  CHECK INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)
J894  894  895            M43(Q893)+45("<")
Q894B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q893)+45("<")57(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J895  896                 893(N7)
Q895U                     N40_1A.
/
/
/                 PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q896UB          4         N40_2.TIMES BOUGHT OR SOLD STOCKS
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Over the past year, about how many times did you buy or sell stocks or
/   other securities through a broker?  
/~ELSE 
/   Over the past year, about how many times did you or anyone in your family
/   living here buy or sell stocks or other securities through a broker?
/~END
/
/
/                     ^B TIMES PER        
/
/                     ^B
/
/                     ^B
V                         !.U_,___.!(0/9996)
J897  1585                896(0)
Q897B                     N40_2F.FREQUENCY BOUGHT OR SOLD STOCKS      
C1                        DAILY
C2                        WEEKLY
C3                        MONTHLY
C4                        QUARTERLY
C5                        YEARLY
C6                        OTHER
Q1585B
C0                        PRESS [ENTER] TO CONTINUE
J898  899                 897(N6)
Q898U                     N40_2FV.
/
/
/
/                   PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         !a_!
Q899B      19             N40_3.CASH/CALL MONEY ACCOUNTS?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Not including any accounts you've told me about, do you have a "cash" or
/   "call money" account at a stock brokerage?
/~ELSE
/   Not including any accounts you've told me about, do you or anyone in your 
/   family living here have a "cash" or "call money" account at a stock 
/   brokerage?
/~END
/   (IF R ASKS: CASH OR CALL MONEY ACCOUNTS HOLD MONEY RECEIVED FROM THE 
/   SALE OF STOCK UNTIL THE MONEY IS REINVESTED.)
/
/                              ^B
J900  899                B899(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J900  902                 899(A+N1)
Q900UB          9         N40_4.VALUE OF CASH/CALL MONEY ACCOUNTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/   What is the total dollar value of all the cash or call money accounts
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   that you have?
/~ELSE 
/   that you and your family living here have?
/~END
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                         ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q901T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^900
C2                        3
J902  900                B901("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q902B      19             N40_5.MARGIN LOANS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  Other than loans you have already told me about, do you have any
/  margin loans at a stock brokerage?
/~ELSE 
/  Other than loans you have already told me about, do you or anyone in your
/  family living here have any margin loans at a stock brokerage?
/~END
/
/                               ^B
J903  902                B902(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J903  907                 902(A+N1)
Q903B      19             N40_5A. TELL ME EARLIER?
/
/
/
/    Did you tell me about this loan earlier?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J904  905                 903(2.K2.K3)
J904  903                B903(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q904B      507            N40_5B. WHERE?
/
/
/      Which loan was that?
/ 
/                ^B
J1597 904                B904(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1597 905                 904(N7)
Q1597U                    N440_5BV.
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q905UB          9         N40_6.BALANCE ON MARGIN LOANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/     Altogether, what is the current balance on these margin loans?
/     IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q906T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^905
C2                        3
J907  905                B906("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q907B      19             N41.INCOME FROM TRUST, ANNUITY?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  Not including pension-type accounts, or any assets that I have already 
/  recorded, do you receive income from or have assets in a trust, annuity, 
/  or managed investment account that you have not already told me about?  
/~ELSE 
/  Not including pension-type accounts, or any assets that I have already 
/  recorded, do you or anyone in your family here receive income from or 
/  have assets in a trust, annuity, or managed investment account that you 
/  have not already told me about?  
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J908  907                B907(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J908  924                 907(A+N1)
Q908MC                    N42.TRUSTS, ANNUITIES, OR MANAGED INVESTMENT?
/
/
/   What are these; are they legal trusts, annuities, or managed investment
/   accounts?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
C01                       Legal trusts
C02                       Annuities
C03                       Managed investment accounts
C04                       Other 
C10
G                         1/4
J909  910                 908(N4)
Q909U                     N42A.
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q910B      19             N43.SET UP SO ENTITLED ONLY TO INCOME?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Are any of these set up so that you are legally entitled only to the 
/    income and do not have an equity interest?
/~ELSE
/    Are any of these set up so that you or your family living here are 
/    legally entitled only to the income and do not have an equity interest?
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J911  910                B910(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J911  916                 910(A+N1)
Q911UB          9         N43_1.AMOUNT OF INCOME FROM TRUST?
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     How much income did you receive from these income-only trusts, 
/     annuities, or accounts in 1994?
/~ELSE 
/     How much income did your family living here receive from these 
/     income-only trusts, annuities, or accounts in 1994?
/~END
/
/      IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q912T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^911
C2                        3
J913  911                B912("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q913B      19             N43_2.TRUSTS/ANNUITIES W/EQUITY INTEREST?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Do you also have annuities, trusts, or managed investment accounts 
/   in which you have an equity interest?
/~ELSE 
/   Do you or your family living here also have annuities, trusts, or 
/   managed investment accounts in which you or your family have an equity 
/   interest?
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J914  913                B913(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J914  918                 913(A+N1)
Q914UB          9         N43_3.DOLLAR AMOUNT OF INTEREST
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     What is the total dollar amount of your interest in these accounts?
/     IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~ELSE 
/   What is the total dollar amount of your family's interest in these 
/   accounts?  IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~END
/
/
/                         ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q915T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^914
C2                        1
J916  914                B915("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J916  918                 914(A)
Q916UB          9         N44.VALUE OF INTEREST
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   What is the total dollar value of your interest in all annuities, trusts, 
/   or managed investment accounts?
/~ELSE 
/   What is the total dollar value of your family's interest in all annuities, 
/   trusts, or managed investment accounts?
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                       ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q917T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^916
C2                        1
J918  916                B917("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q918MC     780            N45.INSTITUTION
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  Who manages your trusts, annuities, or investment accounts,--is it  
/  any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or are they managed
/  by someone else?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.)
/~ELSE
/  Who manages your family's trusts, annuities, or investment accounts,--is 
/  it  any of the institutions on the Institutions Card, or are they managed
/  by someone else?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.)
/~END
/  (IF INSTITUTIONS CARD: Which institution(s)?) (IF SOMEPLACE ELSE: What
/  type of institution(s) or who manages them?)  (INTERVIEWER:  CHECK
/  INSTITUTIONS CARD AND UPDATE IF A NEW INSTITUTION IS MENTIONED.)
J919  919  920            M43(Q918)+45("<")
Q919B      
/
/
/      INSTITUTIONS ALREADY LISTED:
/      '^45M45(N"<")31(
/
/      ENTER NAME OF NEW INSTITUTION:
/      '^E45M43(Q918)+45("<")55(
/
/
/
/
/                ^B
C1                        PRESS ENTER TO CONTINUE
J920  921                 918(N7)
Q920U                     N45V.           
/
/
/
/
/                       PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q921B                     N46.HOW IS MONEY IN TRUSTS INVESTED?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   How is the money in these trusts and managed accounts invested?  
/   Is most of it in stocks, most of it in bonds or other interest-earning 
/   assets, or what?
/
/
/                           ^B
C0
C01                       Stocks
C02                       Bonds/Interest
C04                       Other 
C10
G                         0/4
J922  921                B921(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J922  924                 921(N4)
Q922U                     N46A
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q924B      19             N47.LIFE INSURANCE?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you have any life insurance?  Please include individual and group 
/    policies, but not accident insurance.
/~ELSE
/    Do you or anyone in your family living here have any life insurance?  
/    Please include individual and group policies, but not accident insurance.
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J925  924                B924(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J925  953                 924(A+N1)
Q925B      19             N48.GROUP OR INDIV. TERM POLICIES?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/     The two major types of life insurance are term and cash-value
/     policies.  Term policies pay a benefit if the insured person dies, but
/     otherwise have no value.  They are often provided through an employer
/     or union, but may also be bought by individuals.  Cash-value policies
/     also pay a death benefit, but differ in that they build up a value as
/     premimums are paid.  Other names for types of cash value policies are
/     "whole life" and "universal life."
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     Are any of your policies individual term insurance?  
/~ELSE
/     Are any of your family's policies individual term insurance?  
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J926  925                B925(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J926  929                 925(A+N1)
Q926UB          9         N48_1.FACE VALUE OF POLICIES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     What is the current face value of all the term life policies that you 
/     have?  
/~ELSE 
/     What is the current face value of all the term life policies that you 
/     and your family living here have? 
/~END
/
/    (THE FACE VALUE OF A POLICY IS WHAT THE POLICY WOULD PAY IN THE 
/    EVENT OF DEATH)
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                         ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q927T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^926
C2                        3
J928  926                B927("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q928B      19             N48_2.HAVE WHOLE/STRAIGHT LIFE POLICIES?
/
/
/     Do you have any policies that build up a cash value or that you can 
/     borrow on?  (IF R ASKS:  THESE ARE SOMETIMES CALLED "WHOLE LIFE" OR
/     "STRAIGHT LIFE".)
/
/                              ^B
J929  928                B928(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J929  931                 928(1)
J929  953                 928(2)
J929  951                 928(K2.K3)
Q929B      19             N49.HAVE POLICIES THAT BUILD UP CASH VALUE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    Do you have any policies that build up a cash value or that you can 
/    borrow on?  
/
/                              ^B
J930  929                B929(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J930  930  931            925(2)+929(2)
Q930U                     N49V.EXPLAIN
/
/
/
/       PLEASE EXPLAIN TYPE OF INSURANCE.
V                         !a_!
J931  951                 929(A+N1)
Q931UB          9         N49_1.FACE VALUE OF POLICIES THAT BUILD UP CASH
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   What is the current face value of all of the policies that build up a 
/   cash value that you have?  (THE FACE VALUE OF A POLICY IS WHAT THE 
/   POLICY WOULD PAY IN THE EVENT OF DEATH.) 
/~ELSE 
/   What is the current face value of all of the policies that build up a 
/   cash value that you and your family living here have?  (THE FACE VALUE 
/   OF A POLICY IS WHAT THE POLICY WOULD PAY IN THE EVENT OF DEATH.) 
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                      ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q932T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^931
C2                        3
J933  931                B932("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q933UB          9         N49_2.CASH VALUE OF POLICIES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/   What is the total cash value of these policies?  (THE CASH VALUE OF A
/   POLICY IS WHAT THE INSURANCE COMPANY WOULD PAY IF THE POLICY WERE
/   SURRENDERED BEFORE DEATH.)
/
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                      ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q934T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^933
C2                        6
J935  933                B934("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q935B      19             N49_3.BORROWING AGAINST POLICIES?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/             Are you borrowing against these policies?
/~ELSE 
/     Are you or your family borrowing against these policies?
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J936  935                B935(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J936  947                 935(A+N1)
J936  937                 934(0)
Q936B                     N49_4.NET OR GROSS VALUE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/     Is the cash value you just gave me the net cash value, that is the 
/     total cash value minus the loan, or is it the gross cash value?
/
/                              ^B
C0
C1                        Net
C2                        Gross
J937  936                B936(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q937B      19             N49_5.RECORD LOANS EARLIER?
/
/
/       Did I record these loans earlier in the interview?
/
/
/                              ^B
J938  937                B937(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J938  940                 937(A+N1)
Q938B      507            N49_6.WHERE?
/
/
/        Where did you tell me about these loans?
/
/                ^B
J939  938                B938(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J939  940                 938(N7)
Q939U                     N49_6V.
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J940  947                 937(1)
Q940UB          9         N49_7.AMOUNT CURRENTLY BORROWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/                  How much is currently borrowed?
/
/                  IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                      ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q941T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^940
C2                        6
J942  940                B941("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J942  940                B936(1)+934(G0)+940(GQ934)=AMOUNT MUST BE LESS THAN THE
/ TOTAL CASH VALUE OF THE POLICIES ($^934)
Q942UB          5         N49_8.AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/     Typically how much are the payments on these loans?
/
/     IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/     IF NO TYPICAL PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6].
/
/
/                          ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J943  946                 942(0+"0").942("NT")
Q943T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^942
C2                        8
J944  945                B943("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J944  946                 943(0)
Q944B                     N49_8F.FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PAYMENTS
/
/
/        INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                       ^B
C0   /20   102  0
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,20
J945  944                B944(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J945  946                 944(N20)
Q945U                     N49_8V.
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q946UB          5         N49_9.ANNUAL RATE OF INTEREST
/
/
/     What is the current annual rate of interest being charged on
/     these loans?
/
/
/                          ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/100)
Q947UB          7         N49_10.AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS FOR POLICIES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/     How much are the premiums for these policies that build up 
/     a cash value?
/
/     IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/     IF NO TYPICAL PREMIUMS, PRESS [F6].
/
/
/                          ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range,NT",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J948  951                 947(0+"0").947("NT")
Q948T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^947
C2                        8
J951  947                B948("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J949  951                 948(0)
Q949B                     N49_10F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/     INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
/
/      And how often is that amount paid?
/
/                       ^B
C0   /20   102  0
C21                       Policy paid up
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,21,20
J950  949                B949(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J950  951                 949(N20)
Q950U                     N49_10V.
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J951  953                 947(A)
J951  951  953            924(1)+((925(2.K3)+929(2.K3)).(925(1)+929(K3)))
Q951UB          9         N50.FACE VALUE OF LIFE INSURANCE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 925(1)
/   Other than this term insurance, what is the current face value of all 
/   the life insurance you own?
/~ELSE
/   What is the current face value of all the life insurance you own?
/~END
/~ELSE 
/~IF 925(1)
/   Other than this term insurance, what is the current face value of all 
/   the life insurance you and your family living here own?
/~ELSE 
/   What is the current face value of all the life insurance you and your 
/   family living here own?
/~END
/~END
/
/   IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                       ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q952T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^951
C2                        3
J953  951                B952("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q953B      19             N51.OWED MONEY BY FRIENDS/OTHERS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  We have talked about various types of savings, investments, and loans.  
/  Other than what I have already recorded, are you owed any money by
/  friends, relatives outside the immediate family, businesses, or others?  
/  (WE DO NOT WANT TO INCLUDE LOANS BETWEEN FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT FAMILY 
/  MEMBERS.)
/~ELSE 
/  We have talked about various types of savings, investments, and loans.  
/  Other than what I have already recorded, are you or anyone in your family 
/  living here owed any money by friends, relatives outside the immediate
/  family, businesses, or others?  (WE DO NOT WANT TO INCLUDE LOANS BETWEEN 
/  FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT FAMILY MEMBERS.)
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J954  953                B953(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J954  956                 953(A+N1)
Q954UB          9         N51_1.AMOUNT OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/                  Altogether, how much are you owed?
/
/                  IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                       ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q955T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^954
C2                        6
J956  954                B955("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q956B      19             N52.OTHER ASSETS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/   Other than pension assets, do you have any other substantial assets that 
/   I haven't already recorded -- for example, artwork, precious metals, 
/   antiques, oil and gas leases, futures contracts, future proceeds from a 
/   lawsuit or estate that is being settled, royalties, or something else?  
/   (DO NOT INCLUDE PENSION-TYPE OR EMPLOYER PROFIT-SHARING ACCOUNTS HERE.)
/~ELSE
/    Other than pension assets, do you or anyone in your family living here
/    have any other substantial assets that I haven't already recorded -- 
/    for example, artwork, precious metals, antiques, oil and gas leases, 
/    futures contracts, future proceeds from a lawsuit or estate that is 
/    being settled, royalties, or something else?  (DO NOT INCLUDE PENSION-
/    TYPE OR EMPLOYER PROFIT-SHARING ACCOUNTS HERE.)
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J957  956                B956(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J957  963                 956(A+N1)
Q957S      
C1                        ASSET 1
C2                        ASSET 2
C3                        ASSET 3
Q958U                     N52_1.WHAT KIND OF ASSET?
/
/
/~IF 957(1)
/     About the most valuable of these .. What kind of asset is it?
/~ELSE
/     What kind of asset is it?
/~END
/
/     ONLY PROBE FOR MORE DETAIL ON ONE ITEM; DO NOT PROBE FOR
/     ADDITIONAL ITEMS ON THIS SCREEN
V                         !a_!
J959  960                 958(N99)
Q959U                     N52_1V.           
/
/
/                    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q960UB          8         N52_2.VALUE HAVE IN ASSET
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    What is the total dollar value that you have in 
/    this asset?  IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~ELSE 
/    What is the total dollar value that you and your family living here
/    have in this asset?  IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/~END
/
/
/                          ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q961T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^960
C2                        6
J962  960                B961("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J962  963                 957(3)
Q962B      19             N52_3.ANY OTHER ASSETS?
/
/
/              Do you have any other such substantial assets?
/
/                              ^B
J957  962                B962(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J957  963                 962(2.K2.K3)
R957  962                 
Q963B      19             N53.OWE ANY OTHER MONEY?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     Do you owe any other money not recorded earlier?  (WE DO NOT WANT TO 
/     INCLUDE LOANS BETWEEN FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT FAMILY MEMBERS.)
/~ELSE
/     Do you or anyone in your family living here owe any other money not 
/     recorded earlier?  (WE DO NOT WANT TO INCLUDE LOANS BETWEEN FINANCIALLY
/     DEPENDENT FAMILY MEMBERS.)
/~END
/
/                              ^B
J964  963                B963(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J964  967                 963(A+N1)
Q964UB          9         N53_1. AMOUNT OWED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/            How much is owed?  IF R GIVES A RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                          ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q965T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^964
C2                        6
J967  964                B965("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J967  967  968            751(1).790(1).807(1).816(1)
Q967B      19             N55.ACCOUNTS HELD IN FOREIGN CURRENCY?
/
/
/   Thinking about all the accounts we have talked about, are any of the 
/   accounts you have told me about held in some currency other than U.S. 
/   dollars?
/
/                              ^B
J968  967                B967(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q968S      
C01                       ^45M43(1)=
C02                       ^45M43(2)=
C03                       ^45M43(3)=
C04                       ^45M43(4)=
C05                       ^45M43(5)=
C06                       ^45M43(6)=
G                         '<1/6(=M43('<1/6()+45(N"<")
J969  968                 M47(Q968)+48(A)=::^:
Q969B                     A6B.      
/^C1
/
/    Now, I need a little more information on the institutions we've added
/    to the card since the start of the interview.
/
/    About ^45M43(Q968)=,
/    what kind of institution is this?  (Is it a commercial bank, a savings
/    and loan or saving bank, a credit union, a finance or loan company, a
/    brokerage, or what?)
/
/
/                         ^B
C0
C11                       COMMERCIAL BANK
C12                       S&L/SAVING BANK
C13                       CREDIT UNION
C14                       FINANCE/LOAN CO.
C16                       BROKERAGE
C17                       OTHER
J970  969                B969(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J970  971                 969(N17)
Q970U                     A6BV.SPECIFY
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q971MC     50             A7B.
/^C1
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How do you mainly do business with this institution (-by Cash Machine,
/    in person, by mail, by phone, by computer, or some other way)?
/~ELSE 
/    How does your family mainly do business with this institution (-by Cash 
/    Machine, in person, by mail, by phone, by computer, or some other way)?
/~END
/    CODE ALL THAT APPLY -- CODE MAIN METHOD FIRST
J972  972  973            971(7)
Q972U                     A7BV.SPECIFY
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q973B                     A8B.
/
/
/    Roughly, how many miles is the office or cash machine of this
/    institution from the home or workplace of the person who uses it 
/    most often?  IF R ASKS:  WE WANT THE CLOSER OF THE DISTANCE FROM
/    HOME OR WORKPLACE.
/
/           ^B                 
/
/
/           ENTER MILES: ^B
/
/
/
/                           ^B
C0
C1                        LESS THAN A MILE
C2                        ENTER EXACT MILES
C3                        FOREIGN LOCATION
C4                        LOCATED AT WORK
C5                        OVER 50 MILES
C6                        LOCAL PHONE OR POST BOX
J974  975                 973(N2)
Q974UB          4         A8A.
V                         !U____!(1/9999)
Q975B      
C0                        PRESS [ENTER] TO CONTINUE
J1588 973                B973(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1588UT         34   969  MOVE A6|48M47(Q968)=
Q1589UT         34   970  MOVE A6V|49M47(Q968)=
Q1590UT         34   971  MOVE A7|50M47(Q968)=
Q1591UT         34   972  MOVE A7V|51M47(Q968)=
Q1592UT         34   973  MOVE A8|52M47(Q968)=
Q1593UT         34   974  MOVE A8|53M47(Q968)=
Q1594UT         38        |2:55M47(Q968)=
R968  1594                 
********************************************************************************
*                       SECTION R: EMPLOYMENT                                  *
********************************************************************************
R976  1284                
Q976S                     RESPONDENT/SPOUSE STEP-THROUGH
C1                        RESPONDENT
C2                        RESPONDENT'S SPOUSE/PARTNER
G                         1
G                         2=M7(2/3)+25(1)
J977  978                 976(1)+6(1)=:1:
J977  978                 976(1)+M7(2)+21(2.K2.K3)=:1:
J977  978                 976(1)+M7(2/3)+25(2)=:1:
J977  978                 976(1)+M6(2)+7(N2+N3)=:1:
J977  1286                976(2)+M6(2)+7(N2/3)
J977  1286                976(2)+M7(2)+21(2.K2.K3)+25(N1)
J977  978                 976(2)+M7(2)+21(2.K2.K3)+25(1)=:1:
Q977B                     R0. WHO IS PROVIDING INFO?
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 976(2)
/    INTERVIEWER: IF SPOUSE/PARTNER IS PRESENT, TRY TO OBTAIN
/                 EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION FROM (HIM/HER) DIRECTLY.
/~END
/
/    INTERVIEWER:   WHO IS PROVIDING EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION
/                   ABOUT THE ^976?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        DESIGNATED RESPONDENT
C2                        SPOUSE/PARTNER
J978  977                B977(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J978  979  
Q978X                     R0_1.  WHO ABOUT, R OR S
C1                        you
C2                        your wife
C3                        your husband
C4                        your partner
C5                        your
C6                        your wife's
C7                        your husband's
C8                        your partner's
C9                        do you
C10                       does your wife
C11                       does your husband
C12                       does your partner
C13                       Are you
C14                       Is she
C15                       Is he
C16                       you are
C17                       she is
C18                       he is
C19                       you were
C20                       she was
C21                       he was
C22                       Do you
C23                       Does she
C24                       Does he
C25                       do you
C26                       does she
C27                       does he
C28                       you do
C29                       she does
C30                       he does
C31                       have you
C32                       has she
C33                       has he
C34                       were you
C35                       was she
C36                       was he
C37                       are you
C38                       is she
C39                       is he
C40                       your
C41                       her
C42                       his
C43                       you
C44                       she
C45                       he
C46                       yourself
C47                       herself
C48                       himself
C49                       you
C50                       her
C51                       him
C52
C53                       s
G                         1/9/4,13/49/3,52=976(1)+977(1)
G                         2/10/4,14/50/3,53=976(1)+977(2)+M6(1)+8(2)+20(1)+22(1)
G                         2/10/4,14/50/3,53=976(1)+977(2)+M6(1)+8(2)+20(1)+22(2)+23(2)
G                         3/11/4,15/51/3,53=976(1)+977(2)+M6(1)+8(1)+20(1)+22(1)
G                         3/11/4,15/51/3,53=976(1)+977(2)+M6(1)+8(1)+20(1)+22(2)+23(2)
G                         4/12/4,14/50/3,53=976(1)+977(2)+M6(1)+8(2)+23(1)
G                         4/12/4,14/50/3,53=976(1)+977(2)+M6(1)+8(2)+20(2)+22(1)
G                         4/12/4,15/51/3,53=976(1)+977(2)+M6(1)+8(1)+23(1)
G                         4/12/4,15/51/3,53=976(1)+977(2)+M6(1)+8(1)+20(2)+22(1)
G                         1/9/4,13/49/3,52=976(2)+977(2)
G                         2/10/4,14/50/3,53=976(2)+977(1)+M7(2)+8(2)
G                         3/11/4,15/51/3,53=976(2)+977(1)+M7(2)+8(1)
G                         4/12/4,14/50/3,53=976(2)+977(1)+M7(3)+8(2)
G                         4/12/4,15/51/3,53=976(2)+977(1)+M7(3)+8(1)
Q979MC                    R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    We are interested in ^978(5/8) present job status. 
/    ^978(13/15) working now, temporarily laid off, unemployed and 
/    looking  for work, disabled and unable to work, retired, a student, 
/    a homemaker, or what? 
/    CODE ALL THAT APPLY (SHOW CARD 14)
C1                        Working now or on strike
C2                        Temporarily laid off - on sick or other leave
C3                        Unemployed and looking for work
C4                        Student
C5                        Homemaker
C6                        Disabled
C7                        Retired
C8                        Other
C10  
G                         1/8
J980  979                B979(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J980  980  981            979(8)
Q980U                     R1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J981  985                 979(6.7)
J981  990                 979(1)
J981  984                 979(3/5.8.K2.K3)
Q981B      19             R1_1. EXPECT TO GO BACK TO JOB
/
/
/    ^978(22/24) expect to go back to this job?
/
/
/                        ^B
J982  984                 981(2.K2.K3)
J982  981                B981(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q982UB          2         R1_2. WHEN LAST WORK - MONTH
/
/
/    When did ^978(43/45) last work on this job?
/
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                        ^B     ^B 
/                        MONTH  YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q983UB          4         R1_2. WHEN LAST WORK - YEAR
V                         (1985/1995,U0/1984){NNNN}
J984  990                 982(A)+983(A)
Q984B      19             R1_3. DOING ANY WORK
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    ^978(13/15) doing any work for pay at the present time?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J985  990                 984(1)
J985  1230                984(2.K2.K3)
J985  984                B984(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q985B                     R1_4.
/
/
/~IF 979(6)
/    When did ^978(1/4) become disabled?
/~ELSE
/    When did ^978(1/4) retire?
/~END
/
/                          ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "# OF YEARS AGO"
J986  985                B985(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J986  987                 985(N1)
Q986UB          4         R1_4YR. WHEN DISABLED
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1950/1995,U1900/1949){NNNN}
J987  988                 985(N2)
Q987UB          2         R1_4AGE.
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (10/99){NN}
J988  987                B976(1)+987(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ987)=THAT IS OLDER THAN R
/'S CURRENT AGE!
J988  987                B976(2)+987(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ987)=THAT IS OLDER THAN S
/POUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J988  989                 985(N3)
Q988UB          2         R1_4YRS.
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J989  988                B976(1)+988(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ988)=THAT IS MORE YEARS T
/HAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J989  988                B976(2)+988(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ988)=THAT IS MORE YEARS T
/HAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
Q989B      19             R1_5. DOING ANY WORK
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    ^978(13/15) doing any work for pay at the present time?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J990  1230                989(2)
J990  989                B989(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q990B                     R2. ABOUT MAIN JOB
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Next are some questions about ^978(5/8) current,
/    main job.  ^978(22/24) work for someone else, ^978(37/39)
/    self-employed, or what?
/
/    IF R SAYS "I RUN MY OWN BUSINESS", CODE AS SELF-EMPLOYED
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Someone else
C2                        Self-employed
C3                        Other
J991  992                 990(1.K2.K3)
J991  1013                990(2)
J991  990                B990(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q991U                     R2V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J992  1013                991(A)
Q992U                     R3. OFFICIAL JOB TITLE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What is the official title of ^978(5/8) job?
/    (The title that ^978(40/42) employer uses?)
V                         M!a_!
Q993U                     R4. WHAT DO YOU DO
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What sort of work ^978(25/27) do on ^978(40/42) job?  
/    (Tell me little more about what ^978(28/30).)
V                         M!a_!
Q994U                     R5. WHAT KIND OF BUSINESS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What kind of business or industry ^978(9/12)
/    work in -- that is, what do they make or do at the place where
/    ^978(43/45) work^978(52/53)?
V                         M!a_!
Q995UB          3         R6. HOW MANY HOURS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How many hours ^978(25/27) work on ^978(40/42) main
/    job in a normal week?
/
/         NUMBER OF HOURS: ^B
V                         (1/84,U0,85/999){Nnn}
Q996UB          2         R7. HOW MANY WEEKS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/INTERVIEWER: READ SLOWLY
/
/    Counting paid vacations as weeks of work, how many weeks
/    ^978(9/12) work on this job in a normal year?
/
/                        ^B  # WEEKS
V                         (1/52,U0)
Q997UB          11        R8. EARN BEFORE TAXES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/    About how much ^978(25/27) earn before taxes
/    on ^978(40/42) main job?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.__!("range",0/1000000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J998  1001                997(0+"0")
Q998T           30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^997
C2                        5
J999  997                B998("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J999  1000                998(0)
Q999B                     R8F. HOUR, DAY, WEEK...
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often ^978(25/27) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Day
C2                        Week
C3                        Biweekly
C4                        Month
C5                        Quarter
C6                        Year
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11                       Twice per year
C12                       Bimonthly
C14                       By the piece/job
C18                       Hour
C20                       Other 
G                         0,18,1/6,8,11/12,14,20
J1000 999                B999(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1000 1001                999(N20)
Q1000U                    R8V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1001 1001 1003           999(14)
Q1001UB         11        R8_1. EARN IN PAST YEAR
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/
/    How much did ^978(1/4) earn in the past year?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                     ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.__!("range",0/1000000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1002 1003                1001(0+"0").1001(K1)
Q1002T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1001
C2                        5
J1003 1001               B1002("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1003B                    R9. HOW MANY EMPLOYEES
/
/
/
/    About how many employees work for this company or organization,
/    including all locations? (Is it fewer than 10, 10 to 19, 20 to 99, 100
/    to 499, or 500 or more?)
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Less than 10
C2                        10 to 19
C3                        20 to 99
C4                        100 to 499
C5                        500 or MORE
J1005 1003               B1003(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1004B                    R10.YEARS/AGE/YEAR
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How many years in total ^978(31/33) worked for
/    this employer? (RECORD LESS THAN ONE YEAR AS 00)
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER OF YEARS
C2                        ENTER "SINCE AGE"
C3                        ENTER "SINCE YEAR"
J1005 1004               B1004(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1005 1006                1004(N1)
Q1005UB         2         R10YRS. YEARS WORKED FOR EMPLOYER
/
/
/      NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/50,U51/99){Nn}
J1006 1005              B976(1)+1005(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1005)=THAT IS MORE YEARS 
/THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1006 1005              B976(2)+1005(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1005)=THAT IS MORE YEARS 
/THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1006 1007                1004(N2)
Q1006UB         2         R10AGE.SINCE AGE 
/
/
/      SINCE AGE: ^B
V                         (15/99){Nn}
J1007 1006               B976(1)+1006(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1006)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1007 1006               B976(2)+1006(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1006)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1007 1008                1004(N3)
Q1007UB         4         R10YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR
/
/
/      SINCE YEAR: ^B
V                         (1920/1995,U1890/1919){NNNN}
Q1008B                    R11.YEARS/AGE/YEAR
/
/
/    How many years ^978(25/27) expect to continue
/    working for this employer? (RECORD LESS THAN ONE YEAR AS 00)
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER OF YEARS
C2                        ENTER "UNTIL AGE"
C3                        ENTER "UNTIL YEAR"
C4                        NEVER STOP
J1009 1008               B1008(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1009 1010                1008(N1) 
Q1009UB         2         R11YRS. YEARS EXPECT TO WORK
/
/
/       NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/50,U51/99){Nn}
J1010 1584                1008(N2)
Q1010UB         2         R11AGE. UNTIL AGE
/
/
/        UNTIL AGE: ^B
V                         (18/70,U71/99){NN}
J1584 1010               B976(1)+1010(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1010)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1584 1010               B976(2)+1010(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1010)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1584 1011                1008(N3)
Q1584UB         4         R11YR. UNTIL YEAR
/
/
/      UNTIL YEAR: ^B
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
Q1011B     19             R12. UNION CONTRACT
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    ^978(13/15) covered on this job by a union or
/    employee-association contract?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1012 1011               B1011(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1012B     19             R13. INSURANCE IF DISABLED
/
/
/
/    ^978(22/24) have any type of insurance other than Social
/    Security, that would help provide ^978(49/51) with income
/    in the event that ^978(43/45) became disabled?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1013 1012               B1012(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1013 1039                1012(A)
Q1013U                    R14. WHAT SORT OF WORK
/
/
/
/    What sort of work ^978(9/12) do? 
/   (Tell me a little more about what ^978(28/30).)
V                         M!a_!
Q1014U                    R14_1. WHAT INDUSTRY WORK IN
/
/
/
/    What industry ^978(25/27) work in?  
/    That is, what ^978(25/27) do or make?
/    (What industry ^978(25/27) typically  work in?)
V                         M!a_!
Q1015UB         3         R14_2. HOURS IN NORMAL WEEK
/
/
/
/    How many hours ^978(9/12) work for ^978(46/48) in this 
/    business in a normal week?
/
/              NUMBER OF HOURS: ^B
V                         (1/84,U0,85/999){Nnn}
Q1016UB         2         R14_3. HOW MANY WEEKS
/
/
/INTERVIEWER: READ SLOWLY
/
/    Counting paid vacations as weeks of work, how many weeks per year
/    ^978(25/27) work on this job?
/
/                        ^B  NUMBER OF WEEKS
V                         (1/52,U0){Nn}
Q1017B                    R14_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR
/
/
/
/    How many years ^978(31/33) worked for ^978(46/48)
/    in this business?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  RECORD LESS THAN ONE YEAR AS 00
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER OF YEARS
C2                        ENTER "SINCE AGE"
C3                        ENTER "SINCE YEAR"
J1018 1017               B1017(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1018 1019                1017(N1)
Q1018UB         2         R14_4YRS. YEARS WITH THIS EMPLOYER
/
/
/      NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/50,U51/99){Nn}
J1019 1018               B976(1)+1018(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1018)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1019 1018               B976(2)+1018(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1018)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1019 1020                1017(N2)
Q1019UB         2         R14_4AGE.SINCE AGE
/
/
/      SINCE AGE: ^B
V                         (10/99){NN}
J1020 1019               B976(1)+1019(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1019)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1020 1019               B976(2)+1019(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1019)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1020 1021                1017(N3)
Q1020UB         4         R14_4YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR
/
/
/      SINCE YEAR: ^B
V                         (1920/1995,U1890/1919){NNNN}
Q1021B                    R14_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR
/
/
/
/    About how many years ^978(9/12) expect to continue
/    working for ^978(46/48) in this business?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  RECORD LESS THAN ONE YEAR AS 00
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER OF YEARS
C2                        ENTER "UNTIL AGE"
C3                        ENTER "UNTIL YEAR"
C4                        NEVER STOP
J1022 1021               B1021(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1022 1023                1021(N1)
Q1022UB         2         R14_5YRS. YEARS EXPECT WITH THIS EMPLOYER
/
/
/      NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/50,U51/99){Nn}
J1023 1024                1021(N2)
Q1023UB         2         R14_5AGE.UNTIL AGE
/
/
/      UNTIL AGE: ^B
V                         (5/99){Nn}
J1024 1023               B976(1)+1023(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1023)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1024 1023               B976(2)+1023(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1023)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1024 1025                1021(N3)
Q1024UB         4         R14_5YR. UNTIL YEAR
/
/
/      UNTIL YEAR: ^B
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
Q1025B     19             R14_6. HOW PAID
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How ^978(37/39) paid?  ^978(13/15) paid a regular 
/    salary or wages?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1026 1030                1025(2.K2.K3)
J1026 1025               B1025(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1026UB         10        R14_7. EARN BEFORE TAXES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/    How much in salary or wages ^978(37/39) paid
/    before taxes?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.__!("range",0/100000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1027 1028                1026(0+"0").1026(K1)
Q1027T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1026
C2                        5
J1028 1026               B1027("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1028 1029                1027(0)
Q1028B     999            R14_7F.FREQUENCY OF PAY
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often ^978(25/27) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
J1029 1028               B1028(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1029 1030                1028(N20)
Q1029U                    R14_7V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1030B     19             R14_8. PORTION OF NET EARNINGS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 1025(1)
/    ^978(22/24) also receive a portion of the net earnings, 
/    or some other kind of income?
/~ELSE
/    ^978(22/24) receive a portion of the net earnings, or some other 
/    kind of income?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1031 1035                1030(2.K2.K3)
J1031 1030               B1030(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1031UB         10        R14_9. EARN BEFORE TAXES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 1025(1)
/    In addition to regular salary, how much ^978(25/27)
/    personally receive from the business before taxes?
/~ELSE
/    How much ^978(25/27) personally receive from the business 
/    before taxes?  
/~END
/    (What did ^978(43/45) get in 1994?)
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___,___.__!("range",-9999999/100000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1032 1033                1031(0+"0")
Q1032T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1031
C2                        3
J1033 1031               B1032("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1033 1034                1032(0)
Q1033B     999            R14_9.FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often ^978(25/27) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
J1034 1033               B1033(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1034 1035                1033(N20)
Q1034U                    R14_9V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1035B                    R14_10. NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
/
/
/
/    About how many employees work for this company or organization,
/    including all locations? (Is it fewer than 10, 10 to 19, 20 to 99, 100
/    to 499, or 500 or more?)
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Less than 10
C2                        10 to 19
C3                        20 to 99
C4                        100 to 499
C5                        500 or MORE
J1036 1035               B1035(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1036B     19             R14_11. UNION CONTRACT?
/
/
/
/    ^978(13/15) covered on this job by a union or
/    employee-association contract?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1037 1036               B1036(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1037B     19             R14_12. INSURANCE IF DISABLED?
/
/
/
/    ^978(22/24) have any type of insurance other than Social
/    Security, that would help provide ^978(49/51) with income in the
/    event that ^978(43/45) became disabled?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1038 1037               B1037(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1038B     19             R14_13. INCLUDED IN PENSION PLANS?
/
/
/
/    Aside from IRA or KEOGH plans, ^978(37/39) included
/    in any pension plans or tax-deferred savings plans through
/    ^978(40/42) work/the business?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1039 1046                1038(1)
J1039 1135                1038(2.K2.K3)
J1039 1038               B1038(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1039B     19             R15. PENSION OR RETIREMENT PLANS
/                                                                            QxQ
/    Many employers have pension plans, and some provide tax-deferred plans
/    such as thrift, savings, 401Ks, profit sharing, or stock ownership
/    plans.  Some plans span multiple jobs, for example TIAA-CREF, union
/    plans, etc.
/    ^978(13/15) included in any pension or retirement plans,
/    or in any tax-deferred savings plans connected with the job you
/    just told me about?  (DO NOT INCLUDE SOCIAL SECURITY.)
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  IF R MENTIONS IRA OR KEOGH PLANS, MAKE A NOTE AND SAY:
/    "We covered those earlier in the interview.  Here, I just want to
/    find out about other plans operated through ^978(5/8) employer."
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1040 1046                1039(1)
J1040 1039               B1039(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1040B     19             R16. EMPLOYER OFFER PLANS?
/
/
/
/    Does ^978(40/42) employer offer any such plans?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1041 1135                1040(2.K2.K3)
J1041 1040               B1040(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1041B     19             R16_1. ELIGIBLE FOR PLANS?
/
/
/
/    ^978(13/15) eligible to be included in any of these plans?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1042 1044                1041(2.K2.K3)
J1042 1041               B1041(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1042MC                   R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?
/
/
/
/    What kinds of plans are these?  (CHECK ALL THAT APPLY)
C1                        401K/403B
C2                        Savings/Thrift
C3                        Profit sharing
C4                        Tax-deferred Annuity
C5                        Other
C10
G                         1/5
J1043 1042               B1042(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1043 1043 1135           1042(5)
Q1043U                    R16_2V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1044 1134                1043(A)
Q1044B                    R16_3. WILL YOU BE ELIGIBLE?
/
/
/
/    Will ^978(43/45) be eligible if ^978(43/45) continue^978(52/53) to
/    work for this employer?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
C3                        DEPENDS
J1045 1044               B1044(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1045 1135                1044(N3)
Q1045U                    R16_3V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1046 1135                1045(A)
Q1046UB         2         R17.NUMBER OF PLANS
/
/
/
/    In how many different plans of this sort ^978(37/39)
/    included on this job?
/^C1
/
/             NUMBER OF PLANS: ^B
V                         (1/10,U11/99){Nn}
Q1047B     19             R17_1. CURRENTLY RECEIVING PAYMENTS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    ^978(13/15) currently receiving retirement payments
/    from any pension plans from this job?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1048 1047               B1047(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1048 1049                1047(2.K2.K3)
Q1048B     19             R17_2. ANY PLANS WHERE NOT RECEIVING PAYMENTS
/
/
/
/    I'll ask you about the payments later.  
/    Are there any retirement or savings plans from this job where 
/    ^978(16/18) not yet drawing benefit payments?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1049 1135                1048(2.K2.K3)
J1049 1048               B1048(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1049 1050                1047(2.K2.K3)=:/^1046:
Q1049UB         3         R17_3. NUMBER OF PLANS
/
/
/
/    How many such plans ^978(9/12) have?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B      NUMBER OF PLANS
V                         (1/10,U11/999){Nnn}
J1050 1049               B1046(G0)+1047(N1)+1049(GQ1046)=NUMBER CANNOT BE GREATE
/R THAN THE TOTAL NUMBER OF PLANS (^1046)
J1050 1049               B1046(G0)+1047(1)+1049(GQ1046)=NUMBER MUST BE LESS THAN
/ THE TOTAL NUMBER OF PLANS (^1046)
Q1050S                    TYPE OF PLAN STEP-THROUGH
C1                        1
C2                        2
C3                        3
Q1051B                    R19. TYPE OF PLAN
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1049(1)+1050(1)
/    Is this a pension or retirement plan, or a tax-deferred savings 
/    plan of some sort?
/~ELSE
/~IF 1050(1)
/    About the most important of these plans, is it a pension or 
/~ELSE
/    About the next most important of these plans, is it a pension or 
/~END
/    retirement plan, or a tax-deferred savings plan of some sort?
/~END
/
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Pension or retirement
C2                        Tax-deferred savings
C3                        OTHER
C4                        THRIFT OR SAVINGS
C5                        401K/403B/SRA
C6                        PROFIT SHARING
C7                        STOCK PURCHASE/ESOP
G                         0/2,4/7,3
J1052 1053                1051(1.K2.K3)
J1052 1087                1051(2)
J1052 1089                1051(4/7)
J1052 1051               B1051(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1052U                    R19V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1053B                    R20. FORMULA OR ACCOUNT PLAN
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    (SHOW CARD 15)
/
/    I would like to know what general type of plan this is.  In the most
/    common pension or retirement plan, the monthly retirement benefit paid
/    is based on a formula usually involving age, years of service, and
/    salary.  In other plans, money is accumulated in an account for
/    ^978(49/51) until ^978(40/42) retirement.  Is this plan like the 
/    formula plan or account plan?
/^C1
/
/                            ^B
C0
C1                        Formula
C2                        Account
C3                        Both
J1054 1057                1053(1.K2.K3)
J1054 1087                1053(2)
J1054 1053               B1053(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1054UB         9         R21. AMOUNT ACCUMULATED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    For that part of ^978(5/8) plan where money is accumulated
/    in an account, how much is in the account?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1055T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1054
C2                        6
J1056 1054               B1055("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1056B     19             R21_05. CAN YOU BORROW AGAINST ACCOUNT?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    Can ^978(43/45) borrow against that account?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1057 1056               B1056(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1057B                    R21_1. YEARS/AGE/YEAR
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    How long ^978(31/33) been in the plan?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER OF YEARS
C2                        ENTER "SINCE AGE"
C3                        ENTER "SINCE YEAR"
J1058 1057               B1057(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1058 1059                1057(N1)
Q1058UB         2         R21_1YRS. YEARS IN PLAN
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/50,U51/99){Nn}
J1059 1058               B976(1)+1058(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1058)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1059 1058               B976(2)+1058(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1058)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1059 1060                1057(N2)
Q1059UB         2         R21_1AGE.SINCE AGE
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      SINCE AGE: ^B
V                         (5/99){Nn}
J1060 1059               B976(1)+1059(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1059)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1060 1059               B976(2)+1059(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1059)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1060 1061                1057(N3)
Q1060UB         4         R21_1YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      SINCE YEAR: ^B
V                         (1920/1995,U1890/1919){NNNN}
Q1061B     19             R22. MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    ^978(22/24) currently make contributions to this plan?
/
/    IF R ASKS, INCLUDE CONTRIBUTIONS THROUGH SALARY DEDUCTIONS,
/    UNION DUES OR OTHER SOURCES
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1062 1068                1061(2.K2.K3)
J1062 1061               B1061(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1062B                    R23. PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/    What percent of ^978(40/42) pay or amount of money per month or year
/    ^978(25/27) currently contribute?
/
/    INDICATE UNIT REPORTED
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        PERCENT
C2                        AMOUNT
C3                        VARIABLE
J1063 1062               B1062(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1063 1064                1062(N1)
Q1063UB         4         R23_1PCT.  PERCENT PAID
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/ENTER PERCENT: ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(1/9999)
J1064 1068                1063(A).1062(K2.K3)
Q1064UB         7         R23_1AMT. AMOUNT/VARIABLE PAID
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/~IF 1062(2)
/     ENTER AMOUNT
/~ELSE 1062(3)
/     About how much did ^978(43/45) contribute over the past year?
/~END
/
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1065T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1064
C2                        7
J1066 1064               B1065("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1066 1067                1065(0)+1064(A).1063(A+0)
Q1066B                    R23_1F.FREQUENCY OF CONTRIBUTIONS
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often did ^978(43/45) contribute that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J1067 1066               B1066(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1067 1068                1066(N20)
Q1067U                    R23_1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1068B                    R24.AGE/YEARS/YEAR
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    At what age ^978(9/12) expect to start receiving 
/    benefits from this plan?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C2                        ENTER "IN # OF YEARS"
C3                        ENTER "BEGINNING IN YEAR"
C4                        DON'T EXPECT BENEFITS
J1069 1068               B1068(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1069 1070                1068(N1)
Q1069UB         2         R24AGE.AGE EXPECT TO RECEIVE
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/         AT AGE: ^B
V                         (5/99){Nn}
J1070 1069               B976(1)+1069(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1069)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1070 1069               B976(2)+1069(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1069)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1070 1071                1068(N2)
Q1070UB         2         R24YEARS.IN NUMBER OF YEARS
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/         IN ^B YEARS
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1071 1072                1068(N3)
Q1071UB         4         R24YEAR.IN YEAR
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/         BEGINNING IN YEAR: ^B
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1072 1078                1068(4.K2.K3)
Q1072B                    R25.AMOUNT/PERCENTAGE OF FINAL PAY
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    About how much ^978(25/27) expect ^978(40/42) benefits to be?
/    (As a proportion of ^978(40/42) pay at retirement, or as an 
/    amount per month or year when ^978(43/45) start^978(52/53) receiving
/    them?)
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER DOLLAR AMOUNT
C2                        ENTER PERCENTAGE OF FINAL PAY
J1073 1072               B1072(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1073 1075                1072(2)
Q1073UB         7         R25AMT. AMOUNT OF BENEFITS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/             AMOUNT: ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
J1074 1073               B1068(N4)+1073(0+"0")=R SAID HE/SHE EXPECTED BENEFITS!
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1074 1075                1073(0+"0")
Q1074T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1073
C2                        6
J1075 1073               B1074("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1075 1076                1072(N2)
Q1075UB         4         R25PCT.PERCENTAGE OF FINAL PAY
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/     PERCENT OF FINAL PAY: ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/9999)
J1076 1075               B1068(N4)+1075(0+"0")=R SAID HE/SHE EXPECTED BENEFITS!
J1076 1077                1074(0)+1073(A).1075(A+0)
J1076 1078                1075(A)
Q1076B                    R25F.FREQUENCY OF BENEFITS
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often would ^978(43/45) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J1077 1076               B1076(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1077 1078                1076(N20)
Q1077U                    R25V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1078B                    R26. START BENEFIT NOW, LATER...
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/~IF 990(1)
/    If ^978(1/4) were to leave this job now, would ^978(43/45) 
/    start receiving a monthly or annual pension benefit now, 
/    would ^978(43/45) receive one later, would ^978(43/45) get a 
/    cash settlement now, would ^978(43/45) get nothing, or what?
/~ELSE 990(2)
/    If ^978(1/4) were to sell this business now, would ^978(43/45) 
/    start receiving a monthly or annual pension benefit now, 
/    would ^978(43/45) receive one later, would ^978(43/45) get a 
/    cash settlement now, would ^978(43/45) get nothing, or what?
/~ELSE
/    If ^978(1/4) were to (leave this job/sell this 
/    business) now, would ^978(43/45) start receiving a
/    monthly or annual pension benefit now, would ^978(43/45)
/    receive one later, would ^978(43/45) get a cash settlement now, 
/    would ^978(43/45) get nothing, or what?
/~END
/
/
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Benefit now
C2                        Benefit later
C3                        Cash settlement/lump sum
C4                        ROLLOVER
C5                        Nothing
C6                        Other
J1079 1080                1078(1.2)
J1079 1084                1078(3.4)
J1079 1086                1078(5.K2.K3)
J1079 1078               B1078(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1079U                    R26V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1080 1086                1079(A)
Q1080UB         7         R26_1. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    About how much would ^978(43/45) receive?
/
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1081T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1080
C2                        7
J1082 1080               B1081("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
*J1063 1061               B1054(LQ1061)=MUST BE LESS THAN OR EQUAL TO DOLLAR BEN
*EFITS IN Q25.
J1082 1083                1081(0)
Q1082B                    R26_1F.FREQUENCY OF BENEFIT
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often would ^978(43/45) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J1083 1082               B1082(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1083 1084                1082(N20)
Q1083U                    R26_1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1084 1086                1080(A)
Q1084UB         7         R26_2. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    How much would ^978(43/45) receive?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1085T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1084
C2                        7
J1086 1084               B1085("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1086B     19             R27. ANOTHER PLAN?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/~IF 1050(LQ1049)
/    INTERVIEWER: CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ANOTHER PLAN?
/~ELSE
/    Is there another plan?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1087 1050                1086(1)+1050(L3)
J1087 1131                1086(1)+1050(3)
J1087 1131                1086(2.K2.K3)
J1087 1086               B1086(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1087B                    R28. THRIFT, 401K, SRA, PROFIT SHARING?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    Can you tell me a little more about this plan?
/    Is it a thrift or savings plan, a 401K, Supplemental Retirement 
/    Annuity (SRA), a profit-sharing plan, or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Thrift or Savings
C2                        401K/403B/SRA
C3                        Profit Sharing
C4                        Stock purchase/ESOP
C5                        Other
J1088 1087               B1087(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1088 1089                1087(N5)
Q1088U                    R28V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1089B                    R29.YEARS/AGE/YEAR     
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    For how many years altogether ^978(31/33) been included in this
/    plan?  (INCLUDE YEARS WITH OTHER EMPLOYERS, IF SAME PLAN.)
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEARS
C2                        ENTER "SINCE AGE"
C3                        ENTER "SINCE YEAR"
J1090 1089               B1089(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1090 1091                1089(N1)
Q1090UB         2         R29YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/        NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/50,U51/99){Nn}
J1091 1090               B976(1)+1090(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1090)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1091 1090               B976(2)+1090(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1090)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1091 1092                1089(N2)
Q1091UB         2         R29AGE.SINCE AGE
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/       SINCE AGE: ^B
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1092 1091               B976(1)+1091(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1091)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1092 1091               B976(2)+1091(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1091)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1092 1093                1089(N3)
Q1092UB         4         R29YR.SINCE YEAR
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/       SINCE YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
Q1093B     19             R30. EMPLOYER MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/~IF 990(1)
/    Does ^978(5/8) employer make contributions to this plan?
/~ELSE 990(2)
/    Does the business make contributions to this plan?
/~ELSE
/    [Does ^978(5/8) employer/Does the business]
/    make contributions to this plan?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1094 1100                1093(2.K2.K3)
J1094 1093               B1093(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1094B                    R30_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/    What percent of ^978(40/42) pay or amount of money per month or year
/    does ^978(40/42) employer currently contribute?
/
/    INTERVIEWER: INDICATE WHICH TYPE OF UNIT IS BEING REPORTED FIRST
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        PERCENT
C2                        AMOUNT
C3                        VARIABLE
C4                        NONE
J1095 1094               B1094(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1095 1100                1094(4)
J1095 1096                1094(N1)
Q1095UB         4         R30_2A.  PERCENT PAID
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/ENTER PERCENT: ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(0/9999)
J1096 1100                1095(A).1094(K2.K3)
Q1096UB         7         R30_2B. AMOUNT/VARIABLE PAID
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/~IF 1094(2)
/ENTER AMOUNT
/~ELSE 1094(3)
/   About how much did ^978(40/42) employer contribute over
/   the past year?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",0/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1097 1098                1096(0+"0").1096(K1)
Q1097T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1096
C2                        6
J1098 1096               B1097("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1098 1099                1097(0)+1096(A).1095(A+0)
Q1098B                    R30_2.FREQUENCY OF EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTION
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often does ^978(40/42) employer contribute that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J1099 1098               B1098(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1099 1100                1098(N20)
Q1099U                    R30_2V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1100B     19             R31. EMERGENCY MONEY
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    If ^978(1/4) needed money in an emergency, could ^978(43/45) 
/    withdraw some of the funds in the account? 
/    (CODE "YES" EVEN IF WITHDRAWAL INVOLVES PENALTY.)
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1101 1100               B1100(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1101B     19             R32. BORROW AGAINST ACCOUNT?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    Can ^978(43/45) borrow against the account?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1102 1112                1101(2.K2.K3)
J1102 1101               B1101(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1102B     19             R33. HAVE LOAN AGAINST ACCOUNT?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    ^978(22/24) currently have a loan against the account?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1103 1112                1102(2.K2.K3)
J1103 1102               B1102(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1103UB         9         R33_1. LOAN BALANCE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    What is the amount of the loan balance?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1104T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1103
C2                        6
J1105 1103               B1104("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1105B     19             R33_2. TELL ME EARLIER?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you tell me about this loan earlier?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1106 1108                1105(2.K2.K3)
J1106 1105               B1105(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1106B     507            R33_3. WHERE?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/        Where did you tell me about this loan?
/
/                ^B
J1107 1106               B1106(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1107 1108                1106(N7)
Q1107U                    R33_3V.
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/                     PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1108UB         5         R33_4. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    How much are the payments?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/    IF NO REGULAR PAYMENTS, PRESS [F6].
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range,NT",0/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1109 1110                1108(0+"0").1108("NT")
Q1109T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1108
C2                        8
J1110 1108               B1109("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1110 1111                1109(0)
Q1110B                    R33_4F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often are the payments made?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J1111 1110               B1110(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1111 1112                1110(N20)
Q1111U                    R33_4V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1112B     19             R34. MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/~IF 1102(1)
/    Not including repayment of the loan,
/~END
/    ^978(22/24) currently make contributions to this plan?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:    IF R ASKS, INCLUDE CONTRIBUTIONS THROUGH SALARY
/                    DEDUCTIONS, UNION DUES OR OTHER SOURCES
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1113 1119                1112(2.K2.K3)
J1113 1112               B1112(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1113B                    R34_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/~IF 1102(1)
/    Not including repayment of the loan,
/~END
/    What percent of ^978(5/8) pay or amount of money per month or year
/    ^978(9/12) currently contribute?
/
/    INTERVIEWER: INDICATE WHICH TYPE OF UNIT IS BEING REPORTED FIRST
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        PERCENT
C2                        AMOUNT
C3                        VARIABLE
J1114 1113               B1113(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1114 1115                1113(N1)
Q1114UB         4         R34_2A.  PERCENT CONTRIBUTED
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/ENTER PERCENT: ^B
V                         !.U__.__%!(1/100)
J1115 1119                1114(A).1113(K2.K3)
Q1115UB         7         R34_2B. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/~IF 1113(2)
/ENTER AMOUNT
/~ELSE 1113(3)
/    About how much did ^978(43/45) contribute over the past year?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1116T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1115
C2                        6
J1117 1115               B1116("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1117 1118                1116(0)+1115(A)
Q1117B                    R34_2C.  FREQUENCY OF CONTRIBUTION
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often ^978(25/27) contribute that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J1118 1117               B1117(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1118 1119                1117(N20)
Q1118U                    R34_2V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1119UB         9         R35. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/    How much money is in ^978(5/8) account at present?
/~IF 1102(1)
/    Please do not deduct what ^978(43/45) owe^978(52/53) on the loan 
/    against this account.
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1120 1121                1119(0+"0")
Q1120T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1119
C2                        5
J1121 1119               B1120("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1121 1119               B1120(LQ1104)+1120(G0)=AMOUNT IN THE ACCOUNT CAN'T BE L
/ESS THAN WAS BORROWED! ($^1104)
Q1121B                    R36. IF LEAVE JOB, LOSE ALL?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/~IF 990(1)
/    If ^978(1/4) were to leave this job now, would ^978(43/45) 
/    lose all, some, or none of the money in this account?
/~ELSE 990(2)
/    If ^978(1/4) were to sell the business now, would ^978(43/45) 
/    lose all, some, or none of the money in this account?
/~ELSE
/    If ^978(1/4) were to (leave this job/sell the business) now,
/    would ^978(43/45) lose all, some, or none of the money in this account?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        LOSE ALL
C2                        LOSE SOME
C3                        LOSE NONE
C4                        OTHER
J1122 1127                1121(1.3.K2.K3)
J1122 1123                1121(2)
J1122 1121               B1121(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1122U                    R36V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1123 1127                1121(4)
Q1123B                    R36_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/    What proportion would ^978(43/45) lose?
/
/                  ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER PERCENT
C2                        ENTER AMOUNT
J1124 1123               B1123(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1124 1125                1123(N1)
Q1124UB         5         R36_1PCT. PERCENT LOSE
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/            ENTER PERCENT: ^B
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/100)
J1125 1126                1123(K3)=:R:
J1125 1127                1123(N2)
Q1125UB         7         R36_1AMT. AMOUNT LOSE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/            ENTER AMOUNT: ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1126T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1125
C2                        6
J1127 1125               B1126("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1127 1125               B1126(GQ1120)+1120(G0)=CAN'T LOSE MORE THAN IS IN THE A
/CCOUNT! ($^1120)
Q1127B                    R37. HOW INVESTED?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How is the money in this account invested?  Is it mostly in stocks,
/    mostly in interest earning assets, is it split between these, or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Mostly or all stock
C2                        Mostly or all interest earning
C3                        Split
C4                        Other
J1128 1127               B1127(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1128 1129                1127(N4)
Q1128U                    R37V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1129B     19             R37_1. CONTROL HOW INVESTED
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    ^978(22/24) have any choices about how the money is invested?
/
/
/                        ^B
J1130 1129               B1129(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1130 1131                1050(3)+1049(G3)=:1:
Q1130B     19             R38. ANOTHER PLAN?
/~IF 1050(LEQ1049)
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050 OF ^1049
/~ELSE
/RETIREMENT PLAN: ^1050
/~END
/
/
/
/~IF 1050(LQ1049)
/    INTERVIEWER:  CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT ANOTHER PLAN?
/~ELSE
/    ^978(22/24) have another plan?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1586 1130               B1130(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1586 1598                1130(2.K2.K3)
Q1586UB
R1050 1586                
J1598 1131                M1050(G0)+1051(2/7)=:1:
Q1598UB
J1131 1134                1049(LE1)
J1131 1134                1130(K2.K3).1086(K2.K3)
J1131 1131 1134           1130(1).1086(1).1050(LQ1049)                
Q1131UB         9         R39. AMOUNT IN OTHER PLANS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/    Altogether, how much ^978(9/12) have in ^978(40/42) account
/~IF 0(1)=1050-1049 
/    balance for any other pension plan or savings plan from this job?
/~ELSE
/    balances for any other pension plans or savings plans from this job?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B 
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1132 1133                1131(0+"0").1131(K1)
Q1132T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1131
C2                        5
J1133 1131               B1132("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1133U                    R39_1. WHAT OTHER PLANS?
/
/
/
/    Altogether, what other retirement payments ^978(25/27)
/~IF 0(1)=1050-1049 
/    expect to receive from this other pension plan from this job?
/~ELSE
/    expect to receive from these other pension plans from this job?
/~END
V                         M!a_!
J1134 1134 1135           1598(N1).M1050(G0)+1053(2)
Q1134B     19             R39_2. OFFER, BUT DON'T PARTICIPATE
/
/
/
/    Does ^978(40/42) employer offer any kind of tax-deferred savings, 401K,
/    or other such account plans for which ^978(16/18) eligible but choose not
/    to participate in?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1135 1134               B1134(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1135B     19             R40. DOING ANY WORK FOR PAY?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    ^978(13/15) doing any work for pay now, other than ^978(40/42) 
/    main job, such as a second job, the military services, or (another) 
/    business of ^978(40/42) own?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1136 1144                1135(2.K2.K3)
J1136 1135               B1135(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1136MC                   R40_1. SECOND JOB, MILITARY, WHAT
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Is this a second job, the military services, ^978(5/8)
/    own business, or what?
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
C1                        Second job
C2                        Military
C3                        Business
C4                        Other 
C10
G                         1/4
J1137 1137 1138           1136(4)
Q1137U                    R40_1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1138UB         3         R41. HOW MANY HOURS WORK
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0(G1)=1136U(1/4)=
/    How many hours ^978(25/27) work on these jobs
/~ELSE
/    How many hours ^978(25/27) work on this job
/~END
/    in a normal week?
/^C1
/
/            NUMBER OF HOURS: ^B
V                         (1/84,U85/999){Nnn}
Q1139UB         2         R42. HOW MANY WEEKS WORK
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Counting paid vacations as weeks of work, how many weeks
/    ^978(25/27) work on these jobs in a normal year?
/^C1
/
/           NUMBER OF WEEKS: ^B
V                         (1/52,U0){Nn}
Q1140UB         9         R43. AMOUNT EARN BEFORE TAXES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/    About how much ^978(25/27) earn before taxes
/    from these other jobs?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.__!("range",0/10000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1141 1142                1140(0+"0").1140(K1)
Q1141T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1140
C2                        6
J1142 1140               B1141("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1142 1143                1141(0)
Q1142B     999            R43F. FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often ^978(25/27) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
J1143 1142               B1142(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1143 1144                1142(N20)
Q1143U                    R43V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1144B                    R44. FULL-TIME, PART-TIME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Thinking about all ^978(5/8) current work for pay,
/    ^978(25/27) consider ^978(46/48) to be working full-time or 
/    part-time?
/
/
/INTERVIEWER:    IF R IS LAID OFF OR A SEASONAL WORKER, ASK ABOUT "JOBS WHEN R
/                IS WORKING".
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Full-time
C2                        Part-time
J1145 1181                1144(2)
J1145 1181                1144(K2.K3)+(995(L20+G0).1015(L21+G0))
J1145 1144               B1144(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1145UB         2         R45. NUMBER OF YEARS FULL-TIME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    (READ SLOWLY)  Now I have a few questions about ^978(5/8)
/    past jobs.  Including any periods of self-employment, the military, 
/    and ^978(40/42) current job, since ^978(19/21) 18, how many years
/    ^978(31/33) worked full-time?
/    (Roughly how many years?)
/^C1
/
/            NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/70,U71/99){Nn}
J1146 1164                1145(0+"0")
Q1146UB         2         R45_1. ONE YEAR OR MORE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Including any self-employment and ^978(5/8) current job,
/    for how many different employers ^978(31/33) worked in full-time jobs 
/    lasting one year or more?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B      NUMBER OF EMPLOYERS
V                         (0/20,U21/99){Nn}
J1147 1164                1145(L1)
Q1147B     19             R45_2. THREE YEARS OR MORE?
/
/
/
/    Now, not counting ^978(40/42) current job, ^978(31/33)
/    ever had a full-time job that lasted three years or more?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1148 1164                1147(2.K2.K3)
J1148 1147               B1147(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1148B                    R45_3. LONGEST JOB
/
/
/
/    I want to know about the longest such job ^978(43/45) had.
/    Did ^978(43/45) work for someone else, ^978(34/36) 
/    self-employed, or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Someone else
C2                        Self-employed
C3                        Other
J1149 1148               B1148(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1149 1150                1148(N3)
Q1149U                    R45_3V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1150U                    R45_4. WHAT SORT OF WORK
/
/
/
/    What sort of work ^978(34/36) doing when ^978(43/45)
/    left that job?  
/    (Tell me a little more about what ^978(43/45) did.)
V                         M!a_!
Q1151U                    R45_5. WHAT KIND OF BUSINESS
/
/
/
/    What kind of business or industry did ^978(43/45) work
/    in -- that is, what did they make or do at the place where
/    ^978(43/45) worked?
V                         M!a_!
Q1152B                    R45_6.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year did ^978(43/45) start working at that job?
/
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "# YEARS AGO"
J1153 1152               B1152(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1153 1154                1152(N1)
Q1153UB         4         R45_6YR. YEAR STARTED WORKING
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1945/1995,U1900/1944){NNNN}
J1154 1155                1152(N2)
Q1154UB         2         R45_6AGE.AGE STARTED WORKING
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (5/99){Nn}
J1155 1154               B976(1)+1154(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1154)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1155 1154               B976(2)+1154(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1154)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1155 1156                1152(N3)
Q1155UB         2         R45_6YRS.YEARS AGO STARTED WORKING
/
/
/           ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (5/99){Nn}
J1156 1155               B976(1)+1155(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1155)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1156 1155               B976(2)+1155(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1155)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1156B     1152           R45_7.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year did ^978(43/45) stop working at that job?
/
/
/                    ^B
J1157 1156               B1156(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1157 1158                1156(N1)
Q1157UB         4         R45_7YR. YEAR STOPPED WORKING
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1945/1995,U1900/1944){NNNN}
J1158 1159                1156(N2)
Q1158UB         2         R45_7AGE.AGE STOPPED WORKING
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (5/99){Nn}
J1159 1158               B976(1)+1158(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1158)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1159 1158               B976(2)+1158(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1158)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1159 1160                1156(N3)
Q1159UB         2         R45_7YRS.YEARS AGO STOPPED WORKING
/
/
/           ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1160 1159               B976(1)+1159(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1159)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1160 1159               B976(2)+1159(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1159)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1160 1157               B1157(LQ1153)+1157(G0)+1153(G0)=CAN'T STOP WORKING BEFO
/RE STARTED (^1153)
J1160 1158               B1158(LQ1154)+1158(G0)+1154(G0)=CAN'T STOP WORKING BEFO
/RE STARTED (AGE: ^1154)
J1160 1159               B1155(LQ1159)+1159(G0)+1155(G0)=CAN'T STOP WORKING BEFO
/RE STARTED (^1155 YRS AGO)
Q1160UB         9         R45_8. AMOUNT EARNING BEFORE TAXES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/    About how much ^978(34/36) earning before taxes when ^978(43/45) stopped?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.__!("range",0/10000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1161 1162                1160(0+"0").1160(K1)
Q1161T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1160
C2                        5
J1162 1160               B1161("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1162 1163                1161(0)
Q1162B                    R45_8F. FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often did ^978(43/45) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Day
C2   /12   102  2
C14                       By the piece/job
C18                       Hour
C20                       Other 
G                         0,18,1/4,12,5,11,6,14,20
J1163 1162               B1162(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1163 1164                1162(N20)
Q1163U                    R45_8V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1164B     19             R45_9. ANY YEARS ONLY PART-TIME?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Since ^978(19/21) 18, have there been years when ^978(1/4)
/    only worked part-time?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1165 1169                1164(2.K2.K3)
J1165 1164               B1164(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1165ET
Q1166UB         2         R45_10.YEARS, PART-TIME
/
/
/
/    About how many years in total did ^978(43/45) work part-time?
/
/
/                    ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1167 1166               B976(1)+1166(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1166)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1167 1166               B976(2)+1166(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1166)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1167 1168                1165(N2)
Q1167ET         2         R45_10AG. SINCE AGE, PART-TIME
Q1168ET         4         R45_10YR. SINCE YEAR, PART-TIME
J1169 976                 1166(K2.K3)
Q1169B                    R45_11.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    Thinking now of the future, in what year or at what age
/    ^978(9/12) expect to stop working full-time?
/^C1
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER AGE
C3                        ENTER "IN # OF YEARS"
C4                        DEPENDS
C5                        NEVER STOP
J1170 1169               B1169(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1170 1171                1169(N1)
Q1170UB         4         R45_11YR. YEAR EXPECT TO STOP
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1995/2040,U2041/2060){NNNN}
J1171 1172                1169(N2)
Q1171UB         2         R45_11AG. AGE EXPECT TO STOP
/
/
/         AGE: ^B
V                         (18/99){NN}
J1172 1171               B976(1)+1171(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1171)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1172 1171               B976(2)+1171(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1171)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1172 1173                1169(N3)
Q1172UB         2         R45_10YS. STOP IN # YEARS
/
/
/        NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1173 1174                1169(N4)
Q1173U                    R45_11V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1174 976                 1169(5.K2.K3).1170(K2.K3).1171(K2.K3).1172(K2.K3)
Q1174B                    R45_12. EXPECT PART-TIME AFTER
/
/
/
/    ^978(22/24) expect to work part-time after that?
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
C3                        DEPENDS
J1175 976                 1174(2)
J1175 1176               B1174(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1175 1176                1174(N3)
Q1175U                    R45_12V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1176 1177                (1008(4).1021(4))+1144(1)=:5:
Q1176B                    R45_13.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year ^978(25/27) expect to stop working altogether?
/^C1
/
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "IN # OF YEARS"
C4                        DEPENDS
C5                        NEVER STOP
J1177 1176               B1176(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1177 1178                1176(N1)
Q1177UB         4         R45_13YR. YEAR TO STOP WORKING ALTOGETHER
/
/
/                     ^B
/                     YEAR
V                         (1995/2040,U2041/2060){NNNN}
J1178 1177               B1177(A+LQ1170)=CANNOT STOP WORKING ALTOGETHER BEFORE S
/TOPPED WORKING FULL-TIME!
J1178 1179                1176(N2)
Q1178UB         2         R45_13AG. AGE TO STOP WORKING ALTOGETHER
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){NN}
J1179 1178               B976(1)+1178(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1178)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1179 1178               B976(2)+1178(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1178)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1179 1180                1176(N3)
Q1179UB         2         R45_13YS.STOP IN # YEARS
/
/
/         IN ^B YEARS
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1180 976                 1176(N4)
Q1180U                    R45_13V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1181 976                 1176(A)
Q1181UB         2         R46. HOW MANY YEARS PART-TIME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Now I have a few questions about ^978(5/8) past work.  
/    Including any self-employment and your current job, since 
/    ^978(19/21) 18, about how many years ^978(31/33)
/    worked part-time for all or most of the year?
/^C1
/
/             NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
Q1182B     19             R46_1. EVER WORKED FULL-TIME?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Since ^978(19/21) 18, ^978(31/33) ever worked full-time for 
/    pay -- including any self-employment and the military?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1183 1215                1182(2.K2.K3)
J1183 1182               B1182(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1183UB         2         R46_2. HOW MANY YEARS FULL-TIME?
/
/
/
/    How many years ^978(31/33) worked full-time for all or most of the year?
/^C1
/
/               NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1184 1184 1185           1183(K2.K3)
Q1184B     19             R46_2A. FIVE YEARS OR MORE?
/
/
/
/    Was that five years or more?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1185 1184               B1184(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1185 1186                1183(G4)=:1:
J1185 1186                1183(L5)+1183(G0."0")=:2:
J1185 1186                1184(1)=:1:
J1185 1186                1184(2)=:2:
J1185 1186                1184(K2.K3)=:1:
Q1185B                    R46_3. INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT
/
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT - SEE Q.46.2 AND Q46.2.A
/^C1
/                        ^B
C1                        R HAS WORKED FULL-TIME FOR 5 YEARS OR MORE OR DK
C2                        LESS THAN 5 YEARS
J1186 1194                1185(1)
Q1186B                    R46_4.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year did ^978(43/45) last work full-time for pay?
/^C1
/
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "# YEARS AGO"
J1187 1186               B1186(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1187 1188                1186(N1)
Q1187UB         4         R46_4YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1900/1995){NNNN}
J1188 1189                1186(N2)
Q1188UB         2         R46_4AGE.LAST AGE FULL-TIME
/
/
/               AT AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1189 1188               B976(1)+1188(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1188)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1189 1188               B976(2)+1188(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1188)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1189 1190                1186(N3)
Q1189UB         2         R46_4YRS.STOPPED FULL-TIME # YEARS AGO
/
/
/                    ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1190 1189               B976(1)+1189(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1189)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1190 1189               B976(2)+1189(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1189)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1190UB         9         R46_5. AMOUNT EARN BEFORE TAXES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/    About how much did ^978(43/45) earn before taxes
/    that year?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.__!("range",0/10000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1191 1192                1190(0+"0").1190(K1)
Q1191T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1190
C2                        6
J1192 1190               B1191("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1192 1193                1191(0)
Q1192B                    R46_5F. FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often did ^978(43/45) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Day
C2   /12   102  2
C14                       By the piece/job
C18                       Hour
C20                       Other 
G                         0,18,1/4,12,5,11,6,14,20
J1193 1192               B1192(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1193 1194                1192(N20)
Q1193U                    R46_5V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1194 1215                1190(A)
Q1194UB         2         R46_6. # OF EMPLOYERS-ONE YEAR OR MORE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Including any self-employment and any full-time work on 
/    ^978(5/8) current job, for how many different employers 
/    ^978(31/33) worked in full-time jobs lasting one year or more?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B      # EMPLOYERS
V                         (0/20,U21/99){Nn}
Q1195B                    R46_7. LONGEST JOB
/
/
/
/    I want to know about the longest full-time job ^978(43/45) had.
/    Did ^978(43/45) work for someone else, ^978(34/36) self-employed,
/    or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Someone else
C2                        Self-employed
C3                        Other
J1196 1195               B1195(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1196 1197                1195(N3)
Q1196U                    R46_7V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1197U                    R46_8. WHAT SORT OF WORK
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What sort of work ^978(34/36) doing when you stopped working
/    full-time at that job?
/    (Tell me a little more about what ^978(43/45) did.)
V                         M!a_!
Q1198U                    R46_9. WHAT KIND OF BUSINESS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What kind of business or industry did ^978(43/45) work in -- 
/    that is, what did they make or do at the place where
/    ^978(43/45) worked?
V                         M!a_!
Q1199B     1186           R46_10.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/    When did ^978(43/45) start working at that job?
/
/
/                     ^B
J1200 1199               B1199(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1200 1201                1199(N1)
Q1200UB         4         R46_10YR. YEAR START WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1900/1995){NNNN}
J1201 1202                1199(N2)
Q1201UB         2         R46_10AG.AGE START WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/               AT AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1202 1201               B976(1)+1201(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1201)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1202 1201               B976(2)+1201(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1201)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1202 1203                1199(N3)
Q1202UB         2         R46_10YS.YEARS AGO START WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/                    ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1203 1202               B976(1)+1202(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1202)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1203 1202               B976(2)+1202(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1202)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1203B     1186           R46_11.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    When did ^978(43/45) stop working at that job?
/
/
/                     ^B
J1204 1203               B1203(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1204 1205                1203(N1)
Q1204UB         4         R46_11YR. YEAR STOPPED WORKING AT JOB
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1900/1995){NNNN}
J1205 1206                1203(N2)
Q1205UB         2         R46_11AG.
/
/
/               AT AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1206 1205               B976(1)+1205(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1205)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1206 1205               B976(2)+1205(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1205)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1206 1207                1203(N3)
Q1206UB         2         R46_11YS.YEARS AGO STOPPED WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/                    ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1207 1206               B976(1)+1206(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1206)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1207 1206               B976(2)+1206(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1206)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1207 1204               B1204(LQ1200)+1204(G0)+1200(G0)=CAN'T STOP BEFORE START
/ED (^1200)
J1207 1205               B1205(LQ1201)+1205(G0)+1201(G0)=CAN'T STOP BEFORE START
/ED (AT AGE ^1201)
J1207 1206               B1202(LQ1206)+1206(G0)+1202(G0)=CAN'T STOP BEFORE START
/ED (^1202 YRS AGO)
Q1207UB         9         R46_12. AMOUNT EARNING WHEN STOPPED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/    About how much ^978(34/36) earning before taxes when
/    ^978(43/45) stopped?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.__!("range",0/10000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1208 1209                1207(0+"0").1207(K1)
Q1208T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1207
C2                        5
J1209 1207               B1208("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1209 1210                1208(0)
Q1209B                    R46_12F. FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often did ^978(43/45) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Day
C2   /12   102  2
C14                       By the piece/job
C18                       Hour
C20                       Other 
G                         0,18,1/4,12,5,11,6,14,20
J1210 1209               B1209(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1210 1211                1209(N20)
Q1210U                    R46_12V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1211B     1186           R46_13. YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year did ^978(1/4) last work full-time for pay?
/
/
/                        ^B 
J1212 1211               B1211(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1212 1213                1211(N1)
Q1212UB         4         R46_13YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1900/1995){NNNN}
J1213 1214                1211(N2)
Q1213UB         2         R46_13AG.AGE LAST WORKED FULL-TIME
/
/
/               AT AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1214 1213               B976(1)+1213(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1213)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1214 1213               B976(2)+1213(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1213)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1214 1215                1211(N3)
Q1214UB         2         R46_13YS.YEARS AGO LAST WORKED FULL-TIME
/
/
/                    ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1215 1214               B976(1)+1214(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1214)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1215 1214               B976(2)+1214(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1214)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1215B                    R46_14. EXPECT FULL-TIME IN FUTURE?
/
/
/
/    Thinking now of the future, ^978(9/12) expect to do any 
/    full-time work for pay?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
C3                        DEPENDS
J1216 1215               B1215(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1578 1216                1215(N3)
Q1578U                    R46_14V.
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1216 1226                1215(N1)
Q1216B                    R46_15.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year ^978(25/27) expect to start working full-time?
/
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "IN # OF YEARS"
C4                        DEPENDS
J1217 1216               B1216(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1217 1218                1216(N1)
Q1217UB         4         R46_15YR. YEAR EXPECT TO START
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1218 1219                1216(N2)
Q1218UB         2         R46_15AG. AGE EXPECT TO START
/
/
/            AT AGE: ^B
V                         (18/99){NN}
J1219 1218               B976(1)+1218(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1218)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1219 1218               B976(2)+1218(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1218)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1219 1220                1216(N3)
Q1219UB         2         R46_15YS.EXPECT TO START IN # YEARS
/
/
/          IN ^B YEARS
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1220 1221                1216(N4)
Q1220U                    R46_15V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1221B                    R46_16.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year ^978(25/27) expect to stop working full-time?
/
/
/                    ^B
C0   /4    1216 0
C5                        NEVER STOP
J1222 1221               B1221(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1222 1223                1221(N1)
Q1222UB         4         R46_16YR. YEAR EXPECT TO STOP FULL-TIME
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1223 1224                1221(N2)
Q1223UB         2         R46_16AG. AGE EXPECT TO STOP FULL-TIME
/
/
/            AT AGE: ^B
V                         (18/99){NN}
J1224 1223               B976(1)+1223(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1223)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1224 1223               B976(2)+1223(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1223)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1224 1225                1221(N3)
Q1224UB         2         R46_16YS.EXPECT TO STOP IN # YEARS FULL-TIME
/
/
/          IN ^B YEARS
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1225 1226                1221(N4)
Q1225U                    R46_16V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1226 976                 1221(5)
J1226 1227                (1008(4).1021(4))+1144(2)=:5:
Q1226B                    R46_17.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year ^978(25/27) expect to stop working for pay
/    altogether?
/
/
/                    ^B
C0   /4    1216 0
C5                        NEVER STOP
J1227 1226               B1226(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1227 1228                1226(N1)
Q1227UB         4         R46_17YR. YEAR EXPECT TO STOP ALTOGETHER
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1228 1229                1226(N2)
Q1228UB         2         R46_17AG. AGE EXPECT TO STOP ALTOGETHER
/
/
/            AT AGE: ^B
V                         (18/99){NN}
J1229 1228               B976(1)+1228(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1228)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1229 1228               B976(2)+1228(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1228)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1229 1230                1226(N3)
Q1229UB         2         R46_17YS.EXPECT TO STOP IN # YEARS ALTOGETHER
/
/
/          IN ^B YEARS
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1230 1231                1226(N4)
Q1230U                    R46_17V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1231 976                 1226(G0.K2.K3)
Q1231B     19             R47. EVER WORKED FULL-TIME FOR PAY
/
/
/
/    Since ^978(19/21) 18, ^978(31/33) ever worked 
/    full-time for pay?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1232 1260                1231(2.K2.K3)
J1232 1231               B1231(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1232UB         2         R47_1. HOW MANY YEARS FULL-TIME
/
/
/
/    How many years ^978(31/33) worked full-time for all or most
/    of the year?  Include any periods of self-employment, and the
/    military. (Roughly, how many years?)
/^C1
/
/                        ^B      NUMBER OF YEARS
V                         (0/50,U51/99){Nn}
J1233 1233 1234           1232(K2.K3)
Q1233B     19             R47_1_1. FIVE YEARS OR MORE?
/
/
/
/    Was that five years or more?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1234 1233               B1233(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1234 1235                1232(G4)=:1:
J1234 1235                1232(L5)+1232(NK2+NK3)=:2:
J1234 1235                1233(1)=:1:
J1234 1235                1233(2)=:2:
J1234 1235                1233(K2.K3)=:1:
Q1234B                    R47_2. INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT
/
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT - SEE Q.47.1 AND Q47.1A
/^C1
/                        ^B
C1                        R HAS WORKED FULL-TIME FOR 5 YEARS OR MORE OR DK
C2                        LESS THAN 5 YEARS
J1235 1243                1234(1)
Q1235B                    R47_3.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year did ^978(43/45) last work full-time for pay?
/
/
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "# YEARS AGO"
J1236 1235               B1235(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1236 1237                1235(N1)
Q1236UB         4         R47_3YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1900/1995){NNNN}
J1237 1238                1235(N2)
Q1237UB         2         R47_3AGE.LAST AGE FULL-TIME
/
/
/               AT AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1238 1237               B976(1)+1237(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1237)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1238 1237               B976(2)+1237(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1237)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1238 1239                1235(N3)
Q1238UB         2         R47_3YRS.YEARS AGO FULL-TIME
/
/
/                    ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1239 1238               B976(1)+1238(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1238)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1239 1238               B976(2)+1238(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1238)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1239UB         7         R47_4. AMOUNT EARN BEFORE TAXES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/    About how much did ^978(43/45) earn before taxes that year?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.__!("range",0/100000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1240 1241                1239(0+"0").1239(K1)
Q1240T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1239
C2                        6
J1241 1239               B1240("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1241 1242                1240(0)
Q1241B                    R47_4F. FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often did ^978(43/45) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Day
C2   /12   102  2
C14                       By the piece/job
C18                       Hour
C20                       Other 
G                         0,18,1/4,12,5,11,6,14,20
J1242 1241               B1241(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1242 1243                1241(N20)
Q1242U                    R47_4V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1243 1260                1239(A)
Q1243UB         2         R47_5. # OF EMPLOYERS-ONE YEAR OR MORE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Including any self-employment, for how many different employers
/    ^978(31/33) worked in full-time jobs lasting one year or more?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B      NUMBER OF EMPLOYERS
V                         (0/99){Nn}
Q1244B                    R47_6. LONGEST JOB
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1243(1)
/    I want to know about this full-time job ^978(43/45)
/~ELSE
/    I want to know about the longest full-time job ^978(43/45)
/~END
/    had.  Did ^978(43/45) work for someone else, ^978(34/36)
/    self-employed, or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Someone else
C2                        Self-employed
C3                        Other
J1245 1244               B1244(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1245 1246                1244(N3)
Q1245U                    R47_6V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1246U                    R47_7. WHAT SORT OF WORK
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What sort of work ^978(34/36) doing when ^978(43/45)
/    left that job?  
/    (Tell me a little more about what ^978(43/45) did.)
V                         M!a_!
Q1247U                    R47_8. WHAT KIND OF BUSINESS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What kind of business or industry did ^978(43/45) work in -- 
/    that is, what did they make or do at the place where ^978(43/45)
/    worked?
V                         M!a_!
Q1248B     1152           R47_9.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year did ^978(43/45) start working at that job?
/
/
/                    ^B
J1249 1248               B1248(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1249 1250                1248(N1)
Q1249UB         4         R47_9YR. YEAR START WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1945/1995,U1900/1944){NNNN}
J1250 1251                1248(N2)
Q1250UB         2         R47_9AGE.AGE START WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (5/99){Nn}
J1251 1250               B976(1)+1250(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1250)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1251 1250               B976(2)+1250(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1250)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1251 1252                1248(N3)
Q1251UB         2         R47_9YRS.YEARS AGO START WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1252 1251               B976(1)+1251(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1251)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1252 1251               B976(2)+1251(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1251)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1252B     1152           R47_10.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year did ^978(43/45) stop working at that job?
/
/
/                    ^B
J1253 1252               B1252(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1253 1254                1252(N1)
Q1253UB         4         R47_10YR. YEAR STOPPED WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1945/1995,U1900/1944){NNNN}
J1254 1255                1252(N2)
Q1254UB         2         R47_10AG.AGE STOPPED WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (5/99){Nn}
J1255 1254               B976(1)+1254(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1254)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1255 1254               B976(2)+1254(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1254)=THAT IS OLDER THAN
/ SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1255 1256                1252(N3)
Q1255UB         2         R47_10YS.YEARS AGO STOPPED WORKING AT JOB
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1256 1255               B976(1)+1255(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1255)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1256 1255               B976(2)+1255(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1255)=THAT IS MORE YEARS
/ THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1256 1253               B1253(LQ1249)+1253(G0)+1249(G0)=CAN'T STOP BEFORE START
/ED (^1249)
J1256 1254               B1254(LQ1250)+1254(G0)+1250(G0)=CAN'T STOP BEFORE START
/ED (AT AGE: ^1250)
J1256 1255               B1251(LQ1255)+1255(G0)+1251(G0)=CAN'T STOP BEFORE START
/ED (^1251 YRS AGO)
Q1256UB         9         R47_11. AMOUT EARNING WHEN STOPPED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/    About how much ^978(34/36) earning before taxes when 
/    ^978(43/45) stopped?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.__!("range",0/10000000)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1257 1258                1256(0+"0")
Q1257T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1256
C2                        5
J1258 1256               B1257("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1258 1259                1257(0)
Q1258B                    R47_11F. FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often did ^978(43/45) receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Day
C2   /12   102  2
C14                       By the piece/job
C18                       Hour
C20                       Other 
G                         0,18,1/4,12,5,11,6,14,20
J1259 1258               B1258(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1259 1260                1258(N20)
Q1259U                    R47_11V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1260B     19             R47_12. PART-TIME ALL OR MOST OF YEAR
/
/
/
/    Since ^978(19/21) 18, were there any years when ^978(43/45)
/    (only) worked part-time for all or most of the year?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1261 1262                1260(2.K2.K3)
J1261 1260               B1260(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1261UB         2         R47_13. HOW MANY YEARS PART-TIME?
/
/
/
/    For about how many years did ^978(43/45) work part-time
/    (for all or most of the year)?
/
/                        ^B      NUMBER OF YEARS
V                         (0/99){Nn}
Q1262B     19             R47_14. EXPECT TO WORK FOR PAY?
/
/
/
/    ^978(22/24) expect to work for pay in the future?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1263 976                 1262(2.K2.K3)
J1263 1262               B1262(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1263B                    R47_15.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year ^978(9/12) expect to start working?
/^C1
/
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "IN # OF YEARS"
C4                        DEPENDS
J1264 1263               B1263(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1264 1265                1263(N1)
Q1264UB         4         R47_15YR. YEAR EXPECT TO START
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1265 1266                1263(N2)
Q1265UB         2         R47_15AG. AGE EXPECT TO START
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (18/99){NN}
J1266 1265               B976(1)+1265(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1265)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1266 1265               B976(2)+1265(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1265)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1266 1267                1263(N3)
Q1266UB         2         R14_15YS.EXPECT TO START IN # YEARS
/
/
/         IN ^B YEARS
J1267 1268                1263(N4)
Q1267U                    R47_15V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1268B                    R47_16. ANY FULL-TIME WORK
/
/
/
/    Will any of that be full-time work?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
C3                        DEPENDS
J1269 1268               B1268(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1269 1270                1268(N3)
Q1269U                    R47_16V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1270 1280                1268(2.3.K2.K3)
Q1270B     1263           R47_17.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year ^978(25/27) expect to start working full-time?
/^C1
/
/                     ^B
J1271 1270               B1270(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1271 1272                1270(N1)
Q1271UB         4         R47_17YR. YEAR EXPECT TO START FULL-TIME
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1272 1273                1270(N2)
Q1272UB         2         R47_17AG. AGE EXPECT TO START FULL-TIME
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (18/99){NN}
J1273 1272               B976(1)+1272(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1272)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1273 1272               B976(2)+1272(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1272)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1273 1274                1270(N3)
Q1273UB         2         R14_17YS.EXPECT TO START IN # YEARS FULL-TIME
/
/
/         IN ^B YEARS
J1274 1275                1270(N4)
Q1274U                    R47_17V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1275B                    R47_18.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year ^978(25/27) expect to stop working full-time?
/^C1
/
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "IN # OF YEARS"
C4                        DEPENDS
C5                        NEVER STOP
J1276 1275               B1275(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1276 1277                1275(N1)
Q1276UB         4         R47_18YR. YEAR EXPECT TO STOP FULL-TIME
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1277 1278                1275(N2)
Q1277UB         2         R47_18AG. AGE EXPECT TO STOP FULL-TIME
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (18/99){NN}
J1278 1277               B976(1)+1277(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1277)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1278 1277               B976(2)+1277(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1277)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1278 1279                1275(N3)
Q1278UB         2         R47_18YS.EXPECT TO STOP IN # YEARS FULL-TIME
/
/
/         IN ^B YEARS
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1279 1280                1275(N4)
Q1279U                    R47_18V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1280 976                 1275(5)
Q1280B                    R47_19.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    In what year ^978(25/27) expect to stop working for pay
/    altogether?
/^C1
/
/                     ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "IN # OF YEARS"
C4                        DEPENDS
C5                        NEVER STOP
J1281 1280               B1280(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1281 1282                1280(N1)
Q1281UB         4         R47_19YR. YEAR EXPECT TO STOP ALTOGETHER
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1282 1283                1280(N2)
Q1282UB         2         R47_19AG. AGE EXPECT TO STOP ALTOGETHER
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (18/99){NN}
J1283 1282               B976(1)+1282(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1282)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1283 1283               B976(2)+1282(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1282)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS TH
/AN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1283 1284                1280(N3)
Q1283UB         2         R47_19YS.EXPECT TO STOP IN # YEARS ALTOGETHER
/
/
/         IN ^B YEARS
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1284 976                 1280(N4)
Q1284U                    R47_19V. COMMENT FOR DEPENDS
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1286B     19             R96. RECEIVING SOCIAL SECURITY?
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/~IF M976(G0)+1047(1)
/    Are you ^35(4/6) currently receiving Social Security 
/    benefit payments?
/~ELSE
/    Are you ^35(4/6) currently receiving Social Security 
/    benefit payments, or any other type of pension, retirement,
/    or disability benefit payment?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF M976(G0)+1047(1)
/    Are you currently receiving Social Security benefit payments?
/~ELSE
/    Are you currently receiving Social Security benefit payments, 
/    or any other type of pension, retirement, or disability benefit payment?
/~END
/~END
/
/~IF M976(G0)+977(2)
/    REMEMBER! 'YOU' HERE MEANS THE DESIGNATED RESPONDENT
/              'SPOUSE/PARTNER' MEANS SPOUSE/PARTNER OF DESIGNATED R
/
/~END
/    (DO NOT INCLUDE SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME [SSI])
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1287 1286               B1286(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1287 1299                1286(2.K2.K3)+M976(G0)+1047(1)
J1287 1319                1286(2.K2.K3)
J1287 1288                1286(1)+M976(G0)+1047(1)=:1:
Q1287B     19             R96_1. INCLUDE SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Do these include Social Security benefit payments?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1288 1300                1287(2.K2.K3)
J1288 1287               B1287(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1288 1289                6(1)=:1:
J1288 1289                M7(2/3)+25(2)=:1:
J1288 1289                M6(2)+7(N2/3)=:1:
Q1288MC                   R96_2. RESPONDENT OR SPOUSE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    Are you and your ^35(7/9) currently receiving Social Security 
/    payments or is only one of you? (Which one?) 
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
C1                        RESPONDENT
C2                        SPOUSE/PARTNER
C10
G                         1/2
J1290 1288               B1288(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1289S     
C1                        RESPONDENT
C2                        SPOUSE
G                         1=1288(1)
G                         2=1288(2)
Q1290B                    R96_4. PAYMENTS FOR RETIREMENT, DISABILITY
/
/
/~IF 1289(1)
/    Are the payments you receive for retirement, disability, or 
/    survivors benefits?
/~ELSE
/    Are the payments your ^35(7/9) receives for retirement, 
/    disability, or survivors benefits?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Retirement
C2                        Disability
C3                        Survivors
G                         0
G                         1=1289(1)+M6(1)+14(0.G61)
G                         1=1289(2)+M6(2)+16(0.G61)
G                         2/3
J1291 1290               B1290(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1291B     1004           R96_5.YEARS/AGE/YEAR
/
/
/
/~IF 1289(1)
/    How long have you received these benefits?
/~ELSE
/~IF M6(2)+8(1)
/    How long has he received these benefits?
/~ELSE
/    How long has she received these benefits?
/~END
/~END
/^C1
/
/                     ^B
J1292 1291               B1291(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1292 1293                1291(N1)
Q1292UB         2         R96_5YRS. HOW LONG RECEIVED- YEARS
/
/
/
/         NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1293 1292               B1289(1)+1292(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1292)=THAT IS MORE YEAR
/S THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1293 1292               B1289(2)+1292(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1292)=THAT IS MORE YEAR
/S THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1293 1294                1291(N2)
Q1293UB         2         R96_5AGE. HOW LONG RECEIVED - SINCE AGE
/
/
/         SINCE AGE: ^B
V                         (1/99){NN}
J1294 1293               B1289(1)+1293(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1293)=THAT IS OLDER THA
/N R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1294 1293               B1289(2)+1293(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1293)=THAT IS OLDER THA
/NR SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1294 1295                1291(N3)
Q1294UB         4         R96_5YR. HOW LONG RECEIVED - SINCE YEAR
/
/
/         SINCE YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
Q1295UB         7         R96_6.  AMOUNT RECEIVE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 1289(1)
/    How much do you receive each month or year?
/~ELSE
/~IF M6(2)+8(1)
/    How much does he receive each month or year?
/~ELSE
/    How much does she receive each month or year?
/~END
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1296T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1295
C2                        7
J1297 1295               B1296("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1297 1298                1296(0)
Q1297B                    R96_6F. FREQUENCY OF RETIREMENT PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/~IF 1289(1)
/      And how often do you receive that amount?
/~ELSE
/~IF M6(2)+8(1)
/      And how often does he receive that amount?
/~ELSE
/      And how often does she receive that amount?
/~END
/~END
/
/                        ^B
C0
C4                        Month
C6                        Year
C20                       Other
J1298 1297               B1297(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1298 1289                1297(N20)
Q1298U                    R96_6V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
R1289 1298                
J1299 1300                M976(G0)+1047(1)
Q1299B     19             R97. RECEIVING OTHER RETIREMENT?
/
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Are you ^35(4/6) currently receiving any other 
/    retirement, pensions, or disability payments?
/~ELSE
/    Are you currently receiving any other retirement, pensions, 
/    or disability payments?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1300 1319                1299(2.K2.K3)
J1300 1299               B1299(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1300UB         2         R97_1. HOW MANY PAYMENTS RECEIVING
/
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/~IF 1286(1).1287(1)
/ Not counting Social Security, how many retirement, pension, or
/ disability benefit payments are you ^35(1/3) currently receiving?
/~ELSE
/ How many retirement, pension, or disability benefit payments are you 
/ ^35(1/3) currently receiving?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 1286(1).1287(1)
/ Not counting Social Security, how many retirement, pension, or
/ disability benefit payments are you currently receiving?  
/~ELSE
/ How many retirement, pension, or disability benefit payments are you 
/ currently receiving?
/~END
/~END
/~IF M976(1)+1047(1)
/~IF M976(2)+1047(1)
/ Including the payments you told me you ^35(1/3) are receiving.
/~ELSE
/ Including the payments you told me you are receiving.
/~END
/~ELSE M976(2)+1047(1)
/ Including the payments you told me your ^35(7/9) is receiving.
/~END
/ (DO NOT INCLUDE INCOME FROM IRA AND KEOGH ACCOUNTS ALREADY REPORTED.)
/
/
/      NUMBER OF PENSION/DISABILITY PAYMENTS: ^B
V                         (1/99){Nn}
Q1301S                    BENEFIT STEP-THROUGH
C1                        first benefit
C2                        second benefit
C3                        third benefit
C4                        fourth benefit
C5                        fifth benefit
C6                        sixth benefit
J1302 1303                6(1)=:1:
J1302 1303                M7(2/3)+25(2)=:1:
J1302 1303                M6(2)+7(N2/3)=:1:
Q1302B                    R97_2. WHO IS RECEIVING
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/~IF 1300(1)+1301(1)
/    For this benefit, who is receiving these payments, you or
/~ELSE
/    For the ^1301, who is receiving these payments, you or
/~END
/    your ^35(7/9)?
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        RESPONDENT
C2                        SPOUSE/PARTNER
J1303 1302               B1302(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1303B                    R97_3. CURRENT JOB, PAST DISABILITY...
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Is this a payment from a current job, past job, a disability or
/    military benefit, spouse's pension, or something else?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Current job pension
C2                        Past job pension
C3                        Disability
C4                        Military
C5                        Spouse pension
C6                        Other
G                         0
G                         1=M976(1)+1047(1.K2.K3)
G                         2/6
J1304 1303               B1303(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1304 1305                1303(N6)
Q1304U                    R97_3V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1305B     1004           R97_4.YEARS/AGE/YEAR
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/
/~IF 1302(1)
/    How long have you received these benefits?
/~ELSE
/    How long has ^35(10/11) received these benefits?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                    ^B
J1306 1305               B1305(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1306 1307                1305(N1)
Q1306UB         2         R97_4YRS. HOW LONG RECEIVED - YEARS
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/
/        NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1307 1306               B1302(1)+1306(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1306)=THAT IS MORE YEAR
/S THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1307 1306               B1302(2)+1306(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1306)=THAT IS MORE YEAR
/S THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1307 1308                1305(N2)
Q1307UB         2         R97_4AGE. HOW LONG RECEIVED - SINCE AGE
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/        SINCE AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1308 1307               B1302(1)+1307(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1307)=THAT IS OLDER THA
/N R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1308 1307               B1302(2)+1307(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1307)=THAT IS OLDER THA
/N SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1308 1309                1305(N3)
Q1308UB         4         R97_4. HOW LONG RECEIVED - SINCE YEAR
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/         SINCE YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
Q1309UB         6         R97_5.  AMOUNT RECEIVED 
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/    How much is received each month or year?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",0/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1310 1311                1309(0+"0").1309(K1)
Q1310T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1309
C2                        7
J1311 1309               B1310("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1311 1314                1310(0)
Q1311B                    R97_5F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often is that amount received?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        Month
C2                        Year
C3                        Other
J1312 1311               B1311(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1312 1313                1311(N3)
Q1312U                    R97_5V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1313B     19             R97_6. INCREASE WITH COST OF LIVING?
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Has this payment been increased when the cost of living has
/    increased?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1314 1313               B1313(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1314 1315                M6(1)+20(1)=:1:
J1314 1315                M6(1)+20(N1)=:2:
Q1314B     19             R97_7. CHECKPOINT: IS R MARRIED
/
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT:  IS R LEGALLY MARRIED?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1315 1318                1314(2)
J1315 1314               B1314(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1315B                    R97_8. IF RECIPIENT DIES, WHAT PERCENT..
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/~IF 1302(1)
/    If you were to die, what percent of this payment would your 
/    ^35(7/8) continue to receive or would the payments stop?
/~ELSE 
/    If your ^35(7/8) were to die, what percent of this payment would
/    you continue to receive or would the payments stop?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER PERCENTAGE
C2                        STOP
C3                        OTHER
J1316 1315                1315(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1316 1317                1315(N1)
Q1316UB         5         R97_8.  PERCENTAGE
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/
/             PERCENT: ^B
V                         !.U___.__%!(1/99999)
J1317 1318                1315(N3)
Q1317U                    R97_8V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1318 1319                1301(6)
Q1318B     19             R97_9.  ANOTHER BENEFIT?
/~IF 1301(LEQ1300)
/^1301 OF ^1300
/~ELSE
/^1300
/~END
/
/
/~IF 1301(LQ1300)
/    INTERVIEWER: CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ON ANOTHER BENEFIT?
/~ELSE
/~IF M7(2/3)
/    Is there another pension from which you or your ^35(7/9) receives 
/    benefits?
/~ELSE
/    Is there another pension from which you receive benefits?
/~END
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J1301 1319                1318(2.K2.K3)
J1301 1318               B1318(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R1301 1318                
Q1319B     19             R98.  CASH SETTLEMENT
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Have you ^35(4/6) ever received a cash settlement from a 
/    pension or retirement plan of a previous job?
/~ELSE
/    Have you ever received a cash settlement from a pension or 
/    retirement plan of a previous job?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J1320 1330                1319(2.K2.K3)
J1320 1319               B1319(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1320UB         2         R98_1. NUMBER OF CASH SETTLEMENTS
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    How many different cash settlements have you ^35(4/6)
/    received?
/~ELSE
/    How many different cash settlements have you received?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         (1/99){Nn}
Q1321S                    CASH SETTLEMENT STEP-THROUGH
C1                        first cash
C2                        second cash
C3                        third cash
C4                        fourth cash
C5                        fifth cash
C6                        sixth cash
J1322 1323                6(1)=:1:
J1322 1323                M6(2)+7(N2/3)=:1:
J1322 1323                M6(2)+7(2/3)+25(2)=:1:
Q1322B                    R98_2. WHO RECEIVED SETTLEMENT?
/
/
/
/~IF 1320(1)+1321(1)
/    Who received this settlement, you or your ^35(7/9)?
/~ELSE
/    Who received the ^1321 settlement, you or your 
/    ^35(7/9)?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Respondent
C2                        Spouse/partner
J1323 1322               B1322(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1323UB         9         R98_3.  AMOUNT OF CASH SETTLEMENT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 1320(1)+1321(1)
/    What was the amount of this settlement?
/~ELSE
/    What was the amount of this ^1321 settlement?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1324T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1323
C2                        6
J1325 1323               B1324("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1325B                    R98_4.YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/~IF 1320(1)+1321(1)
/    In what year was this settlement received?
/~ELSE
/    In what year was the ^1321 settlement received?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "# OF YEARS AGO"
J1326 1325               B1325(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1326 1327                1325(N1)
Q1326UB         4         R98_4YR. WHEN RECEIVED - YEAR
/
/
/                    ^B
/                    YEAR
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J1327 1328                1325(N2)
Q1327UB         2         R98_4AGE. WHEN RECEIVED - AGE
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1327 1326               B1322(1)+1326(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1326)=THAT IS OLDER THA
/N R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1327 1326               B1322(2)+1326(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1326)=THAT IS OLDER THA
/N SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1328 1329                1325(N3)
Q1328UB         2         R98_4YRS. WHEN RECEIVED - YEARS AGO
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1329 1328               B1322(1)+1328(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1328)=THAT IS MORE YEAR
/S THAN R'S CURRENT AGE!
J1329 1328               B1322(2)+1328(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1328)=THAT IS MORE YEAR
/S THAN SPOUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1329B     19             R98_5.  ANOTHER CASH SETTLEMENT?
/
/
/~IF 1321(LQ1320)
/    INTERVIEWER: CAN R PROVIDE DETAIL ON ANOTHER CASH SETTLEMENT?
/~ELSE
/~IF M6(2)+7(2/3)
/    Did you or your ^35(7/9) receive any other such settlements?
/~ELSE
/    Did you receive any other such settlements?
/~END
/~END
/    
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
R1321 1329                
J1321 1330                1329(2.K2.K3)
J1330 1329               B1329(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1330B     19             R99. FUTURE PENSION BENEFITS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Now I want to ask about future pension benefits that you and your
/    ^35(7/9) have earned rights to from past or current jobs.  
/    Aside from Social Security and other pensions you have already
/    told me about, do you and your ^35(7/9) expect to receive any 
/    (other) pensions in the future?
/~ELSE
/    Now I want to ask about future pension benefits that you have 
/    earned rights to from past or current jobs.  Aside from Social 
/    Security and other pensions you have already told me about, do you 
/    expect to receive any (other) pensions in the future?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J1331 1349                1330(2.K2.K3)
J1331 1330               B1330(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1331UB         2         R99_1. NUMBER OF FUTURE BENEFITS
/
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    How many such benefits do you or your ^35(7/9)
/    expect to receive in the future?
/~ELSE
/    How many such benefits do you expect to receive in the future?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         (1/99){Nn}
Q1332S                    FUTURE BENEFIT STEP-THROUGH
C1                        largest
C2                        next
C3                        next
C4                        next
C5                        next
C6                        next
J1333 1334                6(1)=:1:
J1333 1334                M6(2)+7(N2/3)=:1:
J1333 1334                M7(2)+21(2.K2.K3)=:1:
J1333 1334                M7(2/3)+25(2)=:1:
Q1333B                    R99_2. WHO EXPECTS TO RECEIVE BENEFIT?
/
/
/~IF 1331(1)+1332(1)
/    Who expects to receive this benefit?
/~ELSE
/    Who expects to receive the ^1332 benefit?
/~END
/
/~IF 1332(1)+1331(G1)
/   IF R ANSWERS DK:  Tell me about your benefits first. 
/
/   WE DO NOT CARE WHICH PLAN IS LARGEST, TAKE ANY PLAN.
/~END
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Respondent
C2                        Spouse
J1334 1333               B1333(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1334B                    R99_3. INCOME FORMULA, ACCOUNT...
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 1331(1)+1332(1)
/    About this benefit, is this from a pension plan
/~ELSE
/    About the ^1332 benefit, is this from a pension plan
/~END
/~IF 1333(1)
/    where a certain amount of money is accumulated in an account for you, 
/    a formula plan that will give you a specific amount of income each 
/    month or year when you retire, or what?
/~ELSE
/    where a certain amount of money is accumulated in an account for your 
/    ^35(7/9), a formula plan that will give you a specific amount of income 
/    each month or year when ^35(10/11) retires, or what?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Income formula
C2                        Account
C3                        Both
J1335 1338                1334(1)
J1335 1334               B1334(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1335B                    R99_3_1. LUMP SUM OR REGULAR PAYMENT?
/
/
/
/~IF 1333(1)
/    When you retire, will you receive the money in the account as a lump
/    sum, or will you receive regular payments?
/~ELSE
/    When your ^35(7/9) retires, will ^35(10/11) receive the money in the 
/    account as a lump sum, or will ^35(10/11) receive regular payments?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Lump sum
C2                        Regular payments
J1336 1335               B1335(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1336 1338                1334(K2.K3)+1335(K2.K3)
Q1336UB         7         R99_4.  AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/    How much is in the account now?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1337T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1336
C2                        6
J1338 1336               B1337("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1338B                    R99_5. YEARS/AGE YEARS
/
/
/~IF 1333(1)
/   When do you expect to receive this pension?
/~ELSE
/   When does ^35(10/11) expect to receive this pension?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER OF YEARS
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "IN YEAR"
J1339 1338               B1338(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1339 1340                1338(N1)
Q1339UB         2         R99_5YS.WHEN EXPECT TO RECEIVE - YEARS
/
/
/         NUMBER OF YEARS: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1340 1341                1338(N2)
Q1340UB         2         R99_5AG. WHEN EXPECT TO RECEIVE - AGE
/
/
/          AT AGE: ^B
V                         (0/99){Nn}
J1341 1340               B1340(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1340)=THAT IS YOUNGER THAN R'S CUR
/RENT AGE!
J1341 1342                1338(N3)
Q1341UB         4         R99_5YR. WHEN EXPECT TO RECEIVE - YEAR
/
/
/          IN THE YEAR: ^B
V                         (1995/2050){NNNN}
J1342 1346                1335(1)
Q1342UB         7         R99_6. AMOUNT OF EXPECTED PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 1333(1)
/    About how much do you expect them to be?
/~ELSE
/    About how much does ^35(10/11) expect them to be?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1343T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1342
C2                        7
J1344 1342               B1343("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1344 1345                1343(0).1335(1)
Q1344B                    R99_6F. FREQUENCY OF EXPECTED PAYMENTS
/
/
/      INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED
/
/      And how often do you expect to receive that amount?
/
/                    ^B
C0
C2                        Week
C3                        Biweekly
C4                        Month
C5                        Quarter
C6                        Year
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11                       Twice per year
C12                       Bimonthly
C20                       Other 
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J1345 1344               B1344(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1345 1346                1344(N20)
Q1345U                    R99_6V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1346 1347                1332(6)
Q1346B     19             R99_7.  ANOTHER FUTURE BENEFIT?
/
/
/~IF 1332(LQ1331)
/    INTERVIEWER: CAN R PROVIDE INFORMATION ON ANOTHER FUTURE BENEFIT
/~ELSE
/    Is there another such future benefit?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1332 1349                1346(2.K2.K3)
J1347 1346               B1346(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R1332 1346                
Q1347B                    R100. IRA, KEOGH?
/
/
/
/    Are any of these part of an IRA, KEOGH, or other pension plan?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes, IRA/KEOGH
C2                        Yes, pension
C3                        No
J1348 1347               B1347(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1348 1349                1347(N1)
Q1348U                    R100V.  COMMENT FOR IRA/KEOUGH
/
/
/PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
*******************************************************************************
*                           SECTION T: INCOME                                 *
*******************************************************************************
Q1349B                    PREAMBLE FROM FIRST QUESTION
/
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    We have talked about various sources of income.  Now we would like to
/    get the overall picture of all the different sources of income that you
/    had in 1994.
/~ELSE
/    We have talked about various sources of income.  Now we would like to
/    get the overall picture of all the different sources of income that you
/    and members of your family living here had in 1994.
/~END
/
/
/                     ^B
C0                        PRESS [ENTER] TO CONTINUE
Q1350S                    TYPE OF INCOME STEP-THROUGH
C1                        wages and salaries
C2                        a professional practice, business, or farm
C3                        non-taxable investments such as municipal bonds
C4                        other interest
C5                        dividends
C6                        net gains or losses from the sale of stocks, bonds, or
/ real estate 
C7                        net rent, trusts, or royalties from any other investme
/nt or business
C8                        unemployment or worker's compensation
C9                        child support or alimony which you or your family here
/ receive 
C10                       ADC, AFDC, food stamps, or other forms of welfare or a
/ssistance such as SSI
C11                       Social Security or other pensions, annuities, or other
/ disability or retirement programs
C12                       any other sources
J1587 1285
Q1587X
C1                        7
C2                        12,18
C3                        8b
C4                        8a
C5                        9
C6                        13,14
C7                        17
C8                        19
C9                        11
C10                       SSI IS SHOWN ON IRS FORM 1040 LINE 21b, OTHER WELFARE 
/NOT SHOWN ON 1040
C11                       16a,20a
C12                       21
G                         1=1350(1)
G                         2=1350(2)
G                         3=1350(3)
G                         4=1350(4)
G                         5=1350(5)
G                         6=1350(6)
G                         7=1350(7)
G                         8=1350(8)
G                         9=1350(9)
G                         10=1350(10)
G                         11=1350(11)
G                         12=1350(12)
J1285 1351                1350(L3)=:5:
J1285 1351                1350(3.7.11.12)=:6:
J1285 1351                1350(4/6.8/10)=:7:
Q1285U          1
Q1351B                    T1. TYPES OF INCOME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 1350(N2+N4)
/Did you have income from
/~ELSE 1350(4)
/  Did you have any other interest income? 
/~ELSE 1350(2)
/Did you have income or losses from
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 1350(N2+N4)
/Did you or anyone have income from
/~ELSE 1350(4)
/  Did you or anyone have any other interest income?
/~ELSE 1350(2)
/Did you or anyone have income or losses from
/~END
/~END
/~IF 1350(N4)
/^1350?
/~END
/~IF 1350(2)
/(Other than wages or salaries)
/~END
/
/~IF 1350(10)
/^1587
/~ELSE
/IRS FORM 1040 LINE NUMBER: ^1587
/~END
/
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
J1352 1351               B1351(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1352 1352 1353           1350(12)+1351(1)
Q1352U                    T1V. COMMENT FOR ANY OTHER TYPE
/
/
/      What other sources?
/       
V                         M!a_!
J1353 1350                1351(2.K2.K3)
Q1353UB         9         T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 1350(4)
/ In total, how much other interest income
/~ELSE
/ In total, how much income from
/ ^1350
/~END
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/ did you receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes and anything else?
/~ELSE
/ did you and your family receive in 1994, before deductions for taxes
/ and anything else?
/~END
/
/~IF 1350(10)
/^1587
/~ELSE
/IRS FORM 1040 LINE NUMBER: ^1587
/~END
/
/  IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/           ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
J1354 1353               B1353(L0)+1350(1.3/5.8/11)=AMOUNT MUST BE POSITIVE!
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1354 1350                1353(0+"0")
Q1354T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1353
C2                        ^1285
J1350 1353               B1354("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
R1350 1354
Q1580UT         14        ADD AMOUNTS IN T2|1353A[1/12]
J1581 1355                M1350(G0)+1351(K2.K3)
J1581 1355                M1350(G0)+1353("range"."NT".K2.K3)
Q1581B     1351           T2_1.TOTAL CORRECT?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/     I would like to confirm that your total 1994 income from all
/~ELSE
/     I would like to confirm that your family's total 1994 income from all
/~END
/     sources was $^1580.
/
/
/     Is that correct?
/
/                    ^B
J1355 1581               B1581(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1355 1357                1581(1)
Q1355UB         9         T3. AMOUNT OF TOTAL INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 1581(2.K2.K3)
/    What would be the correct total?
/~ELSE
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How much was the total income you received in 1994 from all 
/    sources, before taxes and other deductions were made?
/~ELSE
/    How much was the total income you and your family living here
/    received in 1994 from all sources, before taxes and other deductions
/    were made?
/~END
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1356 1357                1355(0+"0").1355("NT")
Q1356T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1355
C2                        5
J1357 1355               B1356("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1357B                    T4. INCOME HIGH OR LOW
/
/
/
/    Is this income unusually high or low compared to what you would expect
/    in a "normal" year, or is it normal?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        High
C2                        Low
C3                        Normal
J1358 1361                1357(3.K2.K3)
J1358 1357               B1357(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1358U                    T4_05. WHY IS THAT?
/
/
/
/    Why is that?
V                         M!a_!
Q1359UB         9         T4_1. AMOUNT OF INCOME IN NORMAL YEAR
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/    About what would your income have been if it had been a normal year?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                   ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1360 1361                1359(0+"0")
Q1360T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1359
C2                        5
J1361 1359               B1360("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1361B                    T4_2.PAST 5 YEARS-INCOME GO UP?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Over the past five years, did your total income go up more
/    than prices, less than prices, or about the same as prices?
/~ELSE
/    Over the past five years, did your total family income go up
/    more than prices, less than prices, or about the same as prices?
/~END
/
/                   ^B
C0
C1                        Up more
C2                        Up less
C3                        About the same
J1362 1361               B1361(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1362B     1361           T4_3.NEXT YEAR-EXPECT INCOME GO UP?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Over the next year, do you expect your total income to go up 
/    more than prices, less than prices, or about the same as prices?
/~ELSE
/    Over the next year, do you expect your total family income 
/    to go up more than prices, less than prices, or about the same 
/    as prices?
/~END
/
/                   ^B
J1363 1362               B1362(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1363B     1351           T4_4.GOOD IDEA OF INCOME NEXT YEAR?
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    At this time, do you have a good idea of what your income for next 
/    year will be?
/~ELSE
/    At this time, do you have a good idea of what your family's
/    income for next year will be?
/~END
/
/                   ^B
J1364 1363               B1363(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1364B     1351           T4_5.USUALLY HAVE A GOOD IDEA
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Do you usually have a good idea of what your next year's 
/    income will be?
/~ELSE
/    Do you usually have a good idea of what your family's next year's 
/    income will be?
/~END
/
/                   ^B
J1365 1364               B1364(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1365B                    T5. IN 1994, DID YOU PAY ALIMONY...
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/  During 1994, did you pay any alimony, separation payments, 
/  or child support?
/~ELSE
/  During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here pay any
/  alimony, separation payments, or child support?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1366 1368                1365(2.K2.K3)
J1366 1365               B1365(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1366UB         9         T5_1. AMOUNT OF ALIMONY PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Altogether, how much alimony and/or child support did you
/    pay in 1994?
/~ELSE
/    Altogether, how much alimony and/or child support did you and your
/    family pay in 1994?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                  ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1367T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1366
C2                        6
J1368 1366               B1367("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1368B                    T6. SUPPORT OTHER FRIENDS, RELATIVES
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/~IF 1365(1)
/  During 1994, did you provide any other financial support for 
/  relatives or friends who do not live here?
/~ELSE
/  During 1994, did you provide any financial support for relatives or 
/  friends who do not live here?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 1365(1)
/  During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here provide any
/  other financial support for relatives or friends who do not live here?
/~ELSE
/  During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here provide any
/  financial support for relatives or friends who do not live here?
/~END
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1369 1373                1368(2.K2.K3)
J1369 1368               B1368(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1369UB         7         T6_1. AMOUNT OF OTHER SUPPORT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How much support did you pay?
/~ELSE
/    How much support did you and your family pay?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/              ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B  IN '94
V                         !.A$_,___,___.!("range",1/9999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1370T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1369
C2                        6
J1371 1369               B1370("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1371MC                   T6_2. TO WHOM WAS SUPPORT GIVEN?
/
/
/
/    To whom was this support given?
/
/INTERVIEWER:    CODE ALL THAT APPLY
C1                        Children under 18
C2                        Children 18 and over
C3                        Parents (In-Law)
C4                        Grand Children
C5                        Grand Parents
C6                        Siblings (In-Law)
C7                        Niece/Nephew
C8                        Friend
C9                        Other
C10
G                         1/9
J1372 1372 1373           1371(9)
Q1372U                    T6_2V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1373B                    T7. FILE OR EXPECT TO FILE 1994 TAX RETURN?
/
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Did you ^35(4/6) file, or do you expect to file, 
/    a 1994 Federal Income tax return?
/~ELSE
/    Did you file, or do you expect to file, a 1994 Federal 
/    Income tax return?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        YES - FILED
C2                        NO -  DO NOT EXPECT TO FILE
C6                        YES - NOT YET FILED
G                         0,1,6,2
J1374 1386                1373(2.K2.K3)
J1374 1373               B1373(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1374 1374 1375           M7(2/3)+25(1)
Q1374B                    T7_2.  FILE JOINT, SEPARATELY...
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1373(1)
/    Did you ^35(1/3) file a joint return,
/    did you file separately, or did only one of you file?
/~ELSE
/    Will you ^35(1/3) file a joint return,
/    will you file separately, or will only one of you file?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        File Jointly
C2                        File Separately
C3                        Only R File
C4                        Only S File
J1375 1379                1374(2.3)
J1375 1382                1374(4)
J1375 1386                1374(K2.K3)
J1375 1374               B1374(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1375MC                   T7_3. WHICH SCHEDULES?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/~IF 1373(1)
/    Did you ^35(1/3) file a schedule C, E, or F with your return?
/~ELSE
/    Will you ^35(1/3) file a schedule C, E, or F with your return?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 1373(1)
/    Did you file a schedule C, E, or F with your return?
/~ELSE
/    Will you file a schedule C, E, or F with your return?
/~END
/~END
/
/    INTERVIEWER:
/
/        CODE ALL THAT APPLY.
/
/    IF R ASKS:  SCHEDULE C IS FOR BUSINESS INCOME OR SELF EMPLOYMENT
/                SCHEDULE E IS FOR TRUST AND PARTNERSHIP INCOME
/                SCHEDULE F IS FOR FARM INCOME
C1                        Schedule C
C2                        Schedule E
C3                        Schedule F
C4                        No;E
C10
G                         1/4
Q1376B     1351           T7_3A.DID/WILL YOU ITEMIZE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1373(1)
/    Did you itemize deductions?
/~ELSE
/    Will you itemize deductions?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
Q1377UB         9         T7_4. TOTAL ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/~IF 1373(1)
/    What was your ^35(1/3)'s total adjusted gross income (AGI)
/    on your 1994 tax return? (Form 1040, Line 31)
/~ELSE
/    What will be your ^35(1/3)'s total adjusted gross income 
/    (AGI) on your 1994 tax return? (What do you think it will be?) 
/    (Form 1040, Line 31)
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF 1373(1)
/    What was your total adjusted gross income (AGI) on your 1994 
/    tax return?  (Form 1040, Line 31)
/~ELSE
/    What will be your total adjusted gross income (AGI) on your 1994 
/    tax return? (What do you think it will be?) (Form 1040, Line 31)
/~END
/~END
/
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1378 1379                1377(0+"0")
Q1378T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1377
C2                        5
J1379 1377               B1378("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1379 1386                1377(A)
Q1379MC                   T7_5. WHICH SCHEDULES?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 1373(1)
/    Did you file a schedule C, E, or F with your return?
/~ELSE
/    Will you file a schedule C, E, or F with your return?
/~END
/
/    INTERVIEWER:
/
/        CODE ALL THAT APPLY.
/
/    IF R ASKS:  SCHEDULE C IS FOR BUSINESS INCOME OR SELF EMPLOYMENT
/                SCHEDULE E IS FOR TRUST AND PARTNERSHIP INCOME
/                SCHEDULE F IS FOR FARM INCOME
C1                        Schedule C
C2                        Schedule E
C3                        Schedule F
C4                        No;E
C10
G                         1/4
Q1579B     1351           T7_5A.
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1373(1)
/    Did you itemize deductions on the return?
/~ELSE
/    Will you itemize deductions on the return?
/~END
/
/                   ^B
J1380 1579               B1579(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1380UB         9         T7_6. TOTAL ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 1373(1)
/    What was your total adjusted gross income (AGI) on your 1994 tax return?
/~ELSE
/    What will be your total adjusted gross income (AGI) on your 1994 
/    tax return? (What do you think it will be?)
/~END
/
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1381 1382                1380(0+"0")
Q1381T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1380
C2                        5
J1382 1380               B1381("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1382 1386                1374(3)
Q1382MC                   T7_7. WHICH SCHEDULES
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did your ^35(7/9) file a schedule C, E, or F with ^35(12/13) return?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:
/
/        CODE ALL THAT APPLY.
/
/    IF R ASKS:  SCHEDULE C IS FOR BUSINESS INCOME OR SELF EMPLOYMENT
/                SCHEDULE E IS FOR TRUST AND PARTNERSHIP INCOME
/                SCHEDULE F IS FOR FARM INCOME
C1                        Schedule C
C2                        Schedule E
C3                        Schedule F
C4                        No;E
C10
G                         1/4
Q1383B     1351           T7_7A.DID SPOUSE ITEMIZE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1373(1)
/    Did ^35(10/11) itemize deductions on the return?
/~ELSE
/    Will ^35(10/11) itemize deductions on the return?
/~END
/
/                   ^B
J1384 1383               B1383(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1384UB         9         T7_8. SPOUSE'S TOTAL ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 1373(1)
/    What was ^35(12/13) total adjusted gross income (AGI) on ^35(12/13) 1994 
/    tax return? 
/~ELSE
/    What will be ^35(12/13) total adjusted gross income (AGI) on ^35(12/13) 
/    1994 tax return?  (What do you think it will be?)
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1385 1386                1384(0+"0")
Q1385T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1384
C2                        5
J1386 1384               B1385("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************
*                      SECTION X:                                             *
*******************************************************************************
Q1386B     1351           X1. EVER RECEIVED INHERITANCE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Have you ^35(4/6) ever received an inheritance, or been
/    given substantial assets in a trust or in some other form? 
/~ELSE
/    Have you ever received an inheritance, or been given substantial 
/    assets in a trust or in some other form? 
/~END
/    Please include any gifts or inheritances you may have told me 
/    about earlier.
/
/
/                        ^B
J1387 1386               B1386(2)+(141(1).155(1).169(1).174(1).179(1).209(1).411
*/(1).452(1).468(1).491(3))=AN INHERITANCE WAS REPORTED EARLIER IN THE INTERVIEW
/!
J1387 1386               B1386(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1387 1399                1386(N1)
Q1387UB         2         X2. NUMBER OF INHERITANCES
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    How many of these have you ^35(4/6) ever received?
/~ELSE
/    How many of these have you ever received?
/~END
/
/                        ^B      NUMBER OF INHERITANCES
V                         (1/99)
Q1388S                    INHERITANCE STEP-THROUGH
C1                        largest
C2                        next largest
C3                        next largest
Q1389B                    X3. INHERITANCE, TRUST, WHAT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1387(1)+1388(1)
/    Was that an inheritance, a trust, or what?
/~ELSE
/    Thinking about the ^1388 of these, was that an inheritance, 
/    a trust, or what?
/~END
/
/                   ^B
C0
C1                        TRUST
C2                        INHERITANCE
C3                        INHERITED TRUST
C4                        TRANSFER/GIFT
C5                        OTHER
J1390 1389                1389(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1390 1391                1389(N3)
Q1390U                    X3V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1391UB         9         X4. APPROXIMATE VALUE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What was its approximate value at the time it was received?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1392 1393                1391(0+"0")
Q1392T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1391
C2                        5
J1393 1391               B1392("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1393UB         4         X5. YEAR RECEIVED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    In what year was it received?
/
/                     ^B
/                     YEAR
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
Q1394B                    X6. FROM WHOM RECEIVED?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    From whom was it received?
/^C1
/                
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Grandparent
C2                        Parent
C3                        Child
C4                        Aunt/Uncle
C5                        Sibling
C6                        Friend
C7                        Other
J1395 1394               B1394(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1395 1396                1394(N7)
Q1395U                    X6V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1396 1397                1388(3)+1387(G3)=:1:
Q1396B                    X7. ANOTHER INHERITANCE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1388(LQ1387)
/    INTERVIEWER: CAN R PROVIDE DETAILED INFORMATION ON ANOTHER INHERITANCE,
/                 TRUST, OR TRANSFER?
/~ELSE
/    Is there another inheritance, trust, or transfer?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
J1388 1399                1396(2.K2.K3)+1387(LE1)
J1388 1397                1396(2.K2.K3)+1387(G1)
J1388 1396               B1396(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
R1388 1396                
J1397 1399                1396(K2.K3)
J1397 1397 1399           1396(1).1388(LQ1387)
Q1397UB         9         X8. AMOUNT FROM ALL OTHERS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/    How much altogether were any others you have received?
/
/   IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1398 1399                1397(0+"0")
Q1398T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1397
C2                        5
J1399 1397               B1398("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1399B                    X9. EXPECT TO RECEIVE INHERITANCE?
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Do you ^35(4/6) expect to receive a substantial 
/    inheritance or transfer of assets in the future?
/~ELSE
/    Do you expect to receive a substantial inheritance or transfer 
/    of assets in the future?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1400 1404                1399(2.K2.K3)
J1400 1399               B1399(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1400B                    X9_1. LARGE, MODERATE, OR WHAT?
/
/
/
/    Is that likely to involve a large amount of money, a moderate amount,
/    or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Large
C2                        Moderate
C3                        Other
J1401 1400               B1400(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1401 1402                1400(N3)
Q1401U                    X9_1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1402UB         9         X9_2. AMOUNT EXPECTED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/    About how much do you expect?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1403 1404                1402(0+"0")
Q1403T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1402
J1404 1402               B1403("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1404B                    X10. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    During 1994, did you make charitable contributions of money or 
/    property totaling $500 or more?
/~ELSE
/    During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here make
/    charitable contributions of money or property totaling $500 or more?
/~END
/    (Please do not include political contributions.)
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1405 1407                1404(2.K2.K3)
J1405 1404               B1404(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1405UB         8         X10_1. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    Roughly, how much did you contribute?
/~ELSE
/    Roughly, how much did your family contribute?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/
/                   ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$__,___,___.!("range",1,500/99999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1406 1407                1405(0+"0")
Q1406T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1405
C2                        7
J1407 1405               B1406("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1407B                    X10_2. VOLUNTEER ONE HOUR OR MORE?
/
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    During 1994, did you volunteer an average of one hour or more 
/    a week to any charitable organizations?
/~ELSE
/    During 1994, did you or anyone in your family living here volunteer
/    an average of one hour or more a week to any charitable organizations?
/~END
/    (Please do not include time volunteered for political causes.)
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1408 1407               B1407(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1408B                    X11. IMPORTANT TO LEAVE INHERITANCE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Some people think it is important to leave an estate or inheritance to
/    their surviving heirs, while others don't.  Which is closer to your
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    ^35(1/3)'s feelings?  Would you say it is very important, 
/    important, somewhat important, or not important?
/~ELSE
/    feelings?  Would you say it is very important, important, somewhat 
/    important, or not important?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Very Important
C2                        Important
C3                        Somewhat Important
C4                        Not Important
C5                        R and SP/PARTNER DIFFER
G                         0/4
G                         5=M7(2/3)+25(1)
J1409 1408               B1408(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1409B                    X12. EXPECT TO LEAVE ESTATE?
/
/
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Do you ^35(1/3) expect to leave a sizable estate to others?
/~ELSE
/    Do you expect to leave a sizable estate to others?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
C3                        POSSIBLY
*******************************************************************************
*                       SECTION Y:                                            *
*******************************************************************************
J1410 1409               B1409(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1410B                    Y1. R GRADE COMPLETED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    I'd like to ask you some questions about your background.  What is the
/    highest grade of school or year of college you completed?
/^C2
/    ^B
C0                        0 GRADE
C1                        1ST GRADE
C2                        2ND GRADE
C3                        3RD GRADE
C4                        4TH GRADE
C5                        5TH GRADE
C6                        6TH GRADE
C7                        7TH GRADE
C8                        8TH GRADE
C9                        9TH GRADE
C10                       10TH GRADE
C11                       11TH GRADE
C12                       12TH GRADE
C13                       1 YEAR OF COLLEGE
C14                       2 YEARS OF COLLEGE
C15                       3 YEARS OF COLLEGE
C16                       4 YEARS OF COLLEGE
C17                       GRADUATE SCHOOL
C18
G                         18,9,1,10,2,11,3,12,4,13,5,14,6,15,7,16,8,17
J1411 1410               B1410(18)=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1411 1413                1410(13/17)
Q1411B                    Y1_1. R DIPLOMA
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you get a high school diploma or pass a high school equivalency
/    test?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1412 1411               B1411(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1412B                    Y1_2. R ON-THE-JOB TRAINING
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Since completing your formal education, have you had on-the-job
/    training or other vocational training lasting 100 hours or more?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1413 1416                1412(A)
J1413 1412               B1412(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1413B                    Y1_3. R COLLEGE DEGREE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you get a college degree?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1414 1416                1413(2.K2.K3)
J1414 1413               B1413(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1414B                    Y1_4. R HIGHEST DEGREE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What is the highest degree you have earned?
/
/INTERVIEWER: WE WANT THE DEGREE, NOT A LICENSE
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Associate's
C2                        Bachelor's
C3                        MA/MS
C4                        MBA
C5                        Ph.D
C6                        MD
C7                        Other
C8                        Law
G                         0,1/6,8,7
J1415 1414               B1414(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1415 1416                1414(N7)
Q1415U                    Y1_4V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1416B                    Y2. R MILITARY SERVICE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Have you ever been in the military service?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Yes
C2                        No
J1417 1416               B1416(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1417B                    Y4. RACE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are you Native American, Asian, Hispanic, black, white, or another
/    race?
/
/    (SHOW CARD 16)
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Native American/Eskimo/Aleut
C2                        Asian or Pacific Islander
C3                        Hispanic
C4                        Black or African-American
C5                        White
C6                        Other
J1418 1417               B1417(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1418 1419                1417(N6)
Q1418U                    Y4V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1419UB         2         Y5. NUMBER OF CHILDREN ELSEWHERE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Now I'd like to ask some questions about your family living elsewhere. 
/    Altogether, including children from previous marriages and adopted
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    children, how many sons and daughters do you ^35(4/6)
/    have who do not live with you?
/~ELSE
/    children, how many sons and daughters do you have who do not 
/    live with you?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B  CHILDREN
V                         (0/10,U11/25){Nn}
J1420 1424                1419(0)
Q1420B                    Y5_1.25 OR OLDER
/
/
/~IF 1419(G1)
/    How many of them are 25 or older?
/~ELSE
/    Is that child 25 or older?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER
C2                        ALL OF THEM
C3                        YES
C4                        NO
C5                        NONE
G                         0
G                         1/2,5=1419(G1)
G                         3/4=1419(1)
J1421 1424                1420(2.3)
J1421 1422                1420(4.5.K2.K3)
J1421 1420               B1420(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1421UB         2         Y5_1NUM. 25 OR OLDER
/
/
/         NUMBER OF CHILDREN 25 OR OLDER: ^B
V                         (0/10,U11/25){Nn}
J1422 1421               B1421(GQ1419)=^1421 IS GREATER THAN TOTAL NUMBER OF CHI
/LDREN (^1419)
Q1422B                    Y5_2.LESS THAN 18
/
/
/~IF 1419(G1)
/    How many of them are less than 18 years old?
/~ELSE
/    Is that child less than 18 years old?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER
C2                        ALL OF THEM
C3                        YES
C4                        NO
C5                        NONE
G                         0
G                         1,5=1419(G1)
G                         2=1419(G1)+1420(N1)
G                         3/4=1419(1)
J1423 1422               B1422(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1423 1424                1422(2/5.K2.K3)
Q1423UB         2         Y5_2NUM. LESS THAN 18
/
/
/
/       NUMBER OF CHILDREN LESS THAN 18: ^B
V                         (0/10,U11/25){Nn}
J1424 1423               B0(LQ1423)+1423(G0)=1419-1421=^1423 IS GREATER THAN TOT
/AL # OF CHILDREN (^1419) - CHILDREN OVER 25 (^1421)
Q1424UB         2         Y6. NUMBER OF SIBLINGS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How many living brothers and sisters do you have?
/
/                     ^B
V                         (0/10,U11/25){Nn}
J1425 1428                1424(0)
Q1425B                    Y6_1.OLDER SIBLINGS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 1424(G1)
/    How many are older than you?
/~ELSE
/    Is he or she older than you?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER
C2                        ALL OF THEM
C3                        YES
C4                        NO
C5                        NONE
G                         0
G                         1/2,5=1424(G1)
G                         3/4=1424(1)
J1426 1425               B1425(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1426 1428                1425(N1)
Q1426UB         2         Y6_1NUM. OLDER SIBLINGS
/
/
/      NUMBER OF OLDER BROTHERS AND SISTERS: ^B
V                         (0/10,U11/95){Nn}
J1428 1426               B1426(GQ1424)+1424(G0)=^1426 IS GREATER THAN THE TOTAL 
/NUMBER OF BROTHERS AND SISTERS (^1424)
J1428 1428 1433           28(1.2.4.6.8.10.12.20)
Q1428B                    Y7. YEARS/AGE/YEAR
/
/
/~IF M7(2)
/    How many years have you been married to your current spouse?
/~ELSE
/    How many years have you been living with your partner?
/~END
/
/                   ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER OF YEARS
C2                        ENTER "SINCE AGE"
C3                        ENTER "SINCE YEAR"
J1429 1428               B1428(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1429 1430                1428(N1)
Q1429UB         2         Y7YRS.YEARS WITH SPOUSE
/
/                        ^B  YEARS
V                         (0/50,U51/99){Nn}
J1430 1429               B1429(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1429)=THAT IS MORE YEARS THAN R
/'S CURRENT AGE!
J1430 1431                1428(N2)
Q1430UB         2         Y7AGE.AGE MARRIED TO SPOUSE
/
/
/        SINCE AGE: ^B
V                         (13/99){NN}
J1431 1430               B1430(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1430)=THAT IS OLDER THAN R'S CU
/RRENT AGE!
J1431 1432                1428(N3)
Q1431UB         4         Y7YR.YEAR MARRIED TO SPOUSE
/
/
/        SINCE YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J1432 1433                M6(1)+20(1)+22(2)=:1:
J1432 1446                M6(1)+20(1)
J1432 1433                M6(1)+20(N2)
J1432 1432 1433           28(12)
Q1432B                    Y7_1. EVER BEEN MARRIED?
/
/
/
/    What is your current legal marital status?  Are you married,
/    separated, divorced, widowed, or have you never been married?
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        MARRIED
C3                        SEPARATED
C4                        DIVORCED
C5                        WIDOWED
C6                        NEVER MARRIED
J1433 1432               B1432(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1433 1433 1437           28(3/8).1432(3/5)
Q1433B                    Y8. YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 28(3/4).1432(3)
/    In what year were you separated from your spouse?
/~ELSE 28(7/8).1432(4)
/    In what year were you divorced?
/~ELSE 28(5/6).1432(5)
/    In what year were you widowed?
/~ELSE
/    In what year were you separated, divorced, or widowed?
/~END
/
/
/                    ^B
C0 
C1                        ENTER YEAR
C2                        ENTER "AT AGE"
C3                        ENTER "# OF YEARS AGO"
J1434 1433               B1433(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1434 1435                1433(N1)
Q1434UB         4         Y8YR.YEAR DIVORCED/SEPARATED/WIDOWED
/
/
/               YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J1435 1436                1433(N2)
Q1435UB         2         Y8AGE.YEAR DIVORCED/SEPARATED/WIDOWED
/
/
/         AT AGE: ^B
V                         (13/99){NN}
J1436 1435               B1435(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1435)=THAT IS OLDER THAN R'S CU
/RRENT AGE!
J1436 1437                1433(N3)
Q1436UB         2         Y8YRS.YEARS AGO DIVORCED/SEPARATED/WIDOWED
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/75){Nn}
J1437 1436               B1436(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1436)=THAT IS MORE YEARS THAN R
/'S CURRENT AGE!
J1437 1437 1441           28(3/8).1432(1/5)
Q1437B     1433           Y8_1. YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/~IF 1432(1)
/    In what year did your current marriage begin?
/~ELSE
/    In what year did that marriage begin?
/~END
/
/                    ^B
J1438 1437               B1437(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1438 1439                1437(N1)
Q1438UB         4         Y8_1YR.YEAR MARRIAGE BEGAN 
/
/
/               YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J1439 1440                1437(N2)
Q1439UB         2         Y8_1AGE.AGE MARRIAGE BEGAN
/
/
/         AT AGE: ^B
V                         (13/99){NN}
J1440 1439               B1439(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1439)=THAT IS OLDER THAN R'S CU
/RRENT AGE!
J1440 1441                1437(N3)
Q1440UB         2         Y8_1YRS.YEARS AGO MARRIAGE BEGAN
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/75){Nn}
J1441 1440               B1440(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1440)=THAT IS MORE YEARS THAN R
/'S CURRENT AGE!
J1441 1438               B1438(GQ1434)+1438(G0)+1434(G0)=MARRIAGE CAN'T BEGIN AF
/TER IT ENDED (^1434)
J1441 1439               B1439(GQ1435)+1439(G0)+1435(G0)=MARRIAGE CAN'T BEGIN AF
/TER IT ENDED (^1435)
J1441 1440               B1436(GQ1440)+1440(G0)+1436(G0)=MARRIAGE CAN'T BEGIN AF
/TER IT ENDED (^1436 YRS AGO)
J1441 1441 1442           28(2.3.4.22).1432(3)
Q1441B                    Y8_2. RECEIVE/PAY SUPPORT?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF M7(2)
/    Do you receive support from your ^35(7/8), do you pay support, or
/    is there no support involved?
/~ELSE 1432(1/3)+M6(1)+8(1)
/    Do you receive support from your wife, do you pay support, or
/    is there no support involved?
/~ELSE
/    Do you receive support from your husband, do you pay support, or
/    is there no support involved?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Receive Support
C2                        No Support Involved
C3                        Pay Support
J1442 1441               B1441(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1442 1446                1441(N1+N3)
Q1442UB         6         Y8_3. AMOUNT OF SUPPORT PAY/RECEIVE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/~IF 1441(1)
/    How much do you receive?
/~ELSE
/    How much do you pay?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                    ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",1/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1443T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1442
C2                        7
J1444 1442               B1443("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1444 1446                1443(0)
Q1444B                    Y8_3F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/    INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
/
/    Is that weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly, or what?
/
/                    ^B
C0   /6    102  0
C8                        Lump sum/one payment only
C11  /20   102  11
G                         0,2/4,12,5,11,6,8,20
J1445 1444               B1444(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1445 1446                1444(N20)
Q1445U                    Y8_3V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1446 1446 1448           28(2.3.4.22).1432(1.3)
Q1446B                    Y8_4. ASSETS OWNED BY YOU, SPOUSE, JOINTLY?
/
/
/~IF M7(2)
/~IF M6(1)+23(1)
/    Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this interview
/    owned mainly by you and your partner, are they owned jointly with 
/    your ^35(7/8), or what?
/~ELSE
/    Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this interview
/    owned mainly by you, are they owned jointly with your ^35(7/8), 
/    or what?
/~END
/~ELSE 28(3/4).1432(1/3)+M6(1)+8(1)
/~IF M7(3)
/    Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this interview
/    owned mainly by you and your partner, are they owned jointly with your 
/    wife, or what?
/~ELSE
/    Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this interview
/    owned mainly by you, are they owned jointly with your wife, or what?
/~END
/~ELSE 28(3/4).1432(1/3)+M6(1)+8(2)
/~IF M7(3)
/    Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this interview
/    owned mainly by you and your partner, are they owned jointly with your
/    husband, or what?
/~ELSE
/    Are the assets and debts that you've told me about in this interview
/    owned mainly by you, are they owned jointly with your husband, or what?
/~END
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Owned by R
C2                        Owned Jointly
C3                        Other
J1447 1446               B1446(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1447 1448                1446(N3)
Q1447U                    Y8_4V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1448 1448 1453           28(1.3/8.22).1432(1/5)
Q1448B                    Y9. FIRST MARRIAGE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 28(3/8).1432(3/5)
/    Was this your first marriage, or had you been married before?
/~ELSE 28(2.22).1432(1)
/    Is your marriage to your absent spouse your first marriage, or 
/    have you been married before?
/~ELSE
/    Is this your first marriage, or have you been married before?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        First Marriage
C2                        Married Before
J1449 1448               B1448(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1449 1453                1448(N2)
Q1449B     1433           Y10. YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/
/    How old were you when you were married the first time?
/
/                    ^B
J1450 1449               B1449(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1450 1451                1449(N1)
Q1450UB         4         Y10YR.YEAR MARRIED-FIRST TIME
/
/
/               YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J1451 1452                1449(N2)
Q1451UB         2         Y10AGE.AGE MARRIED-FIRST TIME
/
/
/         AT AGE: ^B
V                         (13/99){NN}
J1452 1451               B1451(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1451)=THAT IS OLDER THAN R'S CU
/RRENT AGE!
J1452 1453                1449(N3)
Q1452UB         2         Y10YRS.YEARS AGO MARRIED-FIRST TIME
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/99){Nn}
J1453 1452               B1452(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1452)=THAT IS MORE YEARS THAN R
/'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1453B     1351           Y11. MOTHER LIVING?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Now I'd like to ask about your parents.
/
/    Is your mother still living?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1454 1455                1453(2.K2.K3)
J1454 1453               B1453(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1454UB         2         Y11_1. MOTHER AGE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What is her age?
/
/                        ^B   Age
V                         (30/99){NN}
J1455 1454               B1454(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1454)=MOTHER CANNOT BE YOUNGER THA
/N HER CHILD!
Q1455B     1351           Y11_2. FATHER LIVING?
/
/
/
/    Is your father still living?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1456 1457                1455(2.K2.K3)
J1456 1455               B1455(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1456UB         2         Y11_3. FATHER AGE
/
/
/
/    What is his age?
/
/                        ^B   Age
V                         (30/99){NN}
J1457 1456               B1456(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1456)=FATHER CANNOT BE YOUNGER THA
/N HIS CHILD!
Q1457B     1351           Y12. SMOKE
/
/
/
/    Now I'd like to ask you some questions about your health; 
/    do you currently smoke?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1458 1457               B1457(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1458B                    Y12_3. HEALTH
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Would you say your health is excellent, good, fair, or poor?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Excellent
C2                        Good
C3                        Fair
C4                        Poor
J1459 1458               B1458(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1459UB         3         Y12_1. HOW OLD LIVE TO BE?
/
/
/    About how old do you think you will live to be?
/
/                        ^B
V                         (20/110){NNn}
J1461 1459               B1459(G0)+M6(1)+14(GQ1459)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS THAN R'S 
/CURRENT AGE!
J1461 1462                6(1)=:2:
J1461 1462                6(2)+M7(2)+25(2.K2.K3)=:2:
J1461 1462                M7(2/3)+25(1)=:1:
J1461 1462                M7(2/3)+25(2)=:3:
J1461 1462                6(G1).M6(2)+7(N2/3)=:3:
Q1461B                    INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT
/
/
/
/INTERVIEWER:  SEE HOUSEHOLD LISTING
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C1                        R IS MARRIED OR LIVING WITH PARTNER
C2                        R LIVES ALONE
C3                        ALL OTHERS
J1462 1498                1461(3)
J1462 1500                1461(2)
Q1462B     1410           Y13. SPOUSE GRADE COMPLETED
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/    I'd like to ask you some questions about your ^35(7/9)'s
/    background.  What is the highest grade of school or year of college 
/    ^35(10/11) completed?
/^C2
/    ^B
J1463 1462               B1462(18)=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1463 1465                1462(13/17)
Q1463B     1351           Y13_1. SPOUSE DIPLOMA
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did ^35(10/11) get a high school diploma or pass a high school 
/    equivalency test?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1464 1463               B1463(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1464B     1351           Y13_2. SPOUSE ON-THE-JOB TRAINING
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Since completing ^35(12/13) formal education, has ^35(10/11) had on-the-
/    job training or other vocational training lasting 100 hours or more?
/
/
/                        ^B
J1465 1468                1464(A)
J1465 1464               B1464(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1465B     1351           Y13_3. SPOUSE COLLEGE DEGREE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did ^35(10/11) get a college degree?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1466 1468                1465(2)
J1466 1465               B1465(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1466B     1414           Y13_4. SPOUSE HIGHEST DEGREE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What is the highest degree ^35(10/11) earned?
/
/INTERVIEWER: WE WANT THE DEGREE, NOT A LICENSE
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1467 1466               B1466(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1467 1468                1466(N7)
Q1467U                    Y13_4V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1468B     1351           Y14. SPOUSE MILITARY SERVICE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Has ^35(10/11) ever been in the military service?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1469 1468               B1468(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1469UB         2         Y15M. MONTH OF SPOUSE'S BIRTH
/
/
/
/    What is ^35(12/13) date of birth?
/
/              JAN = 1  APR = 4  JUL = 7  OCT = 10
/              FEB = 2  MAY = 5  AUG = 8  NOV = 11
/              MAR = 3  JUN = 6  SEP = 9  DEC = 12
/
/                  ^B     ^B   ^B
/                  MONTH  DAY  YEAR
V                         (1/12){Nn}
Q1460UB         2         Y15D. DAY OF SPOUSE'S BIRTH
V                         (1/31){Nn}
Q1470UB         4         Y15Y. YEAR OF SPOUSE'S BIRTH
V                         (1880/1980){NNNN}
Q1471UB         2         Y16. NUMBER OF SPOUSE'S SIBLINGS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How many living brothers and sisters does ^35(10/11) have?
/
/
/                   ^B    NUMBER OF LIVING BROTHERS AND SISTERS
V                         (0/25){Nn}
J1472 1474                1471(0)
Q1472B                    Y16_1.HOW MANY SPOUSE'S SIBLINGS OLDER
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    How many are older than ^35(10/11) is?
/
/
/                    ^B
C0
C1                        ENTER NUMBER
C2                        ALL ARE OLDER
C3                        NONE
J1473 1472               B1472(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1473 1474                1472(2/3.K2.K3)
Q1473UB         2         Y16_1NUM. NUMBER SPOUSE'S SIBLINGS OLDER
/ 
/
/    NUMBER OF OLDER LIVING BROTHERS AND SISTERS: ^B
V                         (0/25){Nn}
J1474 1473               B1473(GQ1471)+1471(G0)=^1473 IS GREATER THAN TOTAL NUMB
/ER OF BROTHERS AND SISTERS (^1471)
J1474 1475
Q1474X                    PARTNER SEPARATED/DIVORCED/WIDOWED?
C1                        separated
C2                        widowed
C3                        divorced
G                         1=29(52)
G                         2=29(53)
G                         3=29(N52+N53)
J1475 1475 30             29(52/54)
Q1475B     1433           Y17_1. YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/    In what year was your ^35(7/9) ^1474?
/
/
/                ^B
J1476 1475               B1475(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1476 1477                1475(N1)
Q1476UB         4         Y17_1YR.YEAR PARTNER SEPARATED/WIDOWED/DIVORCED 
/
/
/               YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J1477 1478                1475(N2)
Q1477UB         2         Y17_1AGE.AGE PARTNER SEPARATED/WIDOWED/DIVORCED
/
/
/         AT AGE: ^B
V                         (13/99){NN}
J1478 1477               B1477(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1477)=THAT IS OLDER THAN SPOUSE
//PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1478 30                  1475(N3)
Q1478UB         2         Y17_1YRS.YEARS AGO PARTNER SEPARATED/WIDOWED/DIVORCED
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/75){Nn}
J30   1478               B1478(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ1478)=THAT IS MORE YEARS THAN S
/OUSE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J30   30   1479           29(52/54.56)
Q30B       1433           Y17_1B. YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/~IF 29(56)
/    In what year did your partner's current marriage begin?
/~ELSE
/    In what year did that marriage begin?
/~END
/
/
/                ^B
J59   30                 B30(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J59   87                  30(N1)
Q59UB           4         Y17_1BYR.YEAR PARTNER MARRIED 
/
/
/               YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J87   336                 30(N2)
Q87UB           2         Y17_1BAG.AGE PARTNER MARRIED
/
/
/         AT AGE: ^B
V                         (13/99){NN}
J336  87                 B87(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ87)=THAT IS OLDER THAN SPOUSE/PAR
/TNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J336  1479                30(N3)
Q336UB          2         Y17_1BYS.YEARS AGO PARTNER MARRIED
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/75){Nn}
J1479 336                B336(G0)+M6(2)+16(G0+LQ336)=THAT IS MORE YEARS THAN SPO
/USE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1479 1479 1484           29(52.56)
Q1479B                    Y17_2. PARTNER RECEIVE/PAY SUPPORT?
/
/
/
/~IF M7(3)+8(1)
/    Does your partner receive support from his wife, does
/~ELSE
/    Does your partner receive support from her husband, does
/~END
/    ^35(10/11) pay support, or is there no support involved?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Receive Support
C2                        No Support Involved
C3                        Pay Support
J1480 1484                1479(2.K2.K3)
J1480 1479               B1479(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1480UB         6         Y17_3. AMOUNT OF SUPPORT PARTNER PAYS/RECEIVES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/~IF 1479(3)
/    How much does ^35(10/11) pay?
/~ELSE
/    How much does ^35(10/11) receive?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___.!("range",1/999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1481 1484                1480(0+"0")
Q1481T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1480
C2                        7
J1482 1480               B1481("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1482 1484                1481(0)
Q1482B     102            Y17_3F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
/
/    Is that weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly, or what?
/^C1
/
/                    ^B
J1483 1482               B1482(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1483 1484                1482(N20)
Q1483U                    Y17_3V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1484 1484 1486           29(51/54.56)
Q1484B                    Y17_4. PARTNER'S FIRST MARRIAGE?
/
/
/
/~IF 29(51.56)
/    Is this your ^35(7/9)'s first marriage, or has ^35(10/11) been
/    married before?
/~ELSE
/    Was this your partner's first marriage, or has ^35(10/11) been
/    married before?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        First marriage
C2                        Married before
J1486 1484               B1484(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1486 1490                1484(N2)
Q1486B     1433           Y18_1. YEAR/AGE/YEARS
/
/
/    How old was ^35(10/11) when ^35(10/11) was married the first time?
/
/
/                    ^B
J1487 1486               B1486(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1487 1488                1486(N1)
Q1487UB         4         Y18_1YR. YEAR OF SPOUSE'S FIRST MARRIAGE
/
/
/               YEAR: ^B
V                         (1896/1995){NNNN}
J1488 1489                1486(N2)
Q1488UB         2         Y18_1AGE.AGE WHEN SPOUSE FIRST MARRIED
/
/
/         AT AGE: ^B
V                         (5/99){NN}
J1489 1488               B1488(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1488)=THAT IS OLDER THAN R'S CU
/RRENT AGE!
J1489 1490                1486(N3)
Q1489UB         2         Y18_1YRS.YEARS AGO WHEN SPOUSE FIRST MARRIED
/
/
/          ^B YEARS AGO
V                         (1/75){Nn}
J1490 1489               B1489(G0)+M6(1)+14(G0+LQ1489)=THAT IS MORE YEARS THAN R
/'S CURRENT AGE!
Q1490B     1351           Y19. SPOUSE'S MOTHER LIVING?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Is your ^35(7/9)'s mother still living?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1491 1492                1490(2.K2.K3)
J1491 1490               B1490(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1491UB         2         Y19_1. SPOUSE'S MOTHER AGE
/
/
/
/    What is her age?
/
/                        ^B   Age
V                         (30/99){NN}
J1492 1491               B1491(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1491)=MOTHER CANNOT BE YOUNGER THA
/N HER CHILD!
Q1492B     1351           Y19_2. SPOUSE'S FATHER LIVING
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Is your ^35(7/9)'s father still living?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1493 1494                1492(2)
J1493 1492               B1492(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1493UB         2         Y19_3. SPOUSE'S FATHER AGE
/
/
/
/    What is his age?
/
/                        ^B   Age
V                         (30/99){NN}
J1494 1493               B1493(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1493)=FATHER CANNOT BE YOUNGER THA
/N HIS CHILD!
Q1494B     1351           Y20. SPOUSE SMOKE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Now I'd like to ask you some questions about your ^35(7/9)'s 
/    health; does your ^35(7/9) currently smoke?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1495 1494               B1494(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1495B                    Y20_3. SPOUSE HEALTH
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Would you say your ^35(7/9)'s health in general is excellent, 
/    good, fair, or poor?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        Excellent
C2                        Good
C3                        Fair
C4                        Poor
J1496 1495               B1495(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1496UB         3         Y20_1. HOW OLD SPOUSE EXPECT TO LIVE?
/
/
/
/    If we asked your ^35(7/9), about how old do you think ^35(10/11)
/    would say that ^35(10/11) expects to live to be?
/
/                        ^B
V                         (20/110){NNn}
J1498 1496               B1496(G0)+M6(2)+16(GQ1496)=AGE CANNOT BE LESS THAN SPOU
/SE/PARTNER'S CURRENT AGE!
J1498 1499                M6(G0)+25(2)=:1:
J1498 1499                3(G0)=:2:
Q1498B                    Y25.  INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT
/
/
/
/INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT:  SEE HOUSEHOLD LISTING
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C1                        1 OR MORE ADULTS WITH INDEPENDENT FINANCES
C2                        ALL OTHERS
J1499 1513                1498(N1)
Q1499B                    Y25_1.  PREAMBLE
/
/
/    For the rest of the questions in the interview, please include 
/    everyone in your household who has independent finances, not just 
/    the ones listed at the bottom of the card.
/
/          HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS WITH INDEPENDENT FINANCES
/
/            RELATIONSHIP    SEX      AGE   MARITAL
/
/            '^7M6(G0)+25(2)14(  '^86(   '^164(  '^2014(
/
/                     ^B
C0                        PRESS [ENTER] TO CONTINUE
J1500 1513                1499(A)
Q1500B                    Y27. ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICARE - R ALONE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are you currently eligible to receive benefits from any government
/    health insurance programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid, or CHAMPUS, VA,
/    or other military programs?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
C0
C1                        YES
C2                        NO
J1501 1504                1500(2.K2.K3)
J1501 1500               B1500(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1501MC                   Y27_1. WHICH PROGRAM
/
/
/
/    Which program is that?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:
/          MAINLY ONLY PERSONS 65 0R OLDER SHOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICARE.
/          ONLY LOW-INCOME PERSONS SHOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICAID.
/          CHAMPUS IS FOR ACTIVE MILITARY.
C1                        Medicare
C2                        Medicaid
C3                        VA
C4                        Champus
C5                        Other
C10
G                         1/5
J1502 1502 1503           1501(5)
Q1502U                    Y27_1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1503B     1351           Y27_2. ANY OTHER TYPE OF HEALTH
/
/
/
/    Are you covered by any other type of health coverage such as employer
/    or union plans, or Blue Cross-Blue Shield, a Health Maintenance
/    Organization (HMO), a Medigap plan, or some other health insurance?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1504 1505                1503(1)
J1504 923                 1503(2.K2.K3)
J1504 1503               B1503(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1504B     1351           Y28. ANY OTHER TYPE OF HEALTH
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are you covered by any type of health coverage such as employer
/    or union plans, or Blue Cross-Blue Shield, a Health Maintenance
/    Organization (HMO), a Medigap plan, or some other health insurance?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1505 1533                1504(2.K2.K3)
J1505 1504               B1504(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1505MC                   Y28_1.  COVERAGE OBTAINED THROUGH...
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Is this coverage obtained through your employer or former employer, a
/    union, through direct payments to an insurance company, AARP, or what?
/
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
/
/
C1                        Employer
C2                        Former Employer
C3                        Union
C4                        Direct Payment
C5                        AARP
C6                        Other
C10
G                         1/6
J1506 1506 1507           1505(6)
Q1506U                    Y28_1. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1507MC                   Y28_2. HOW COVERAGE PAID
/
/
/
/    How is this coverage paid for - by you, by an employer, by you and an
/    employer, by a relative, or what?
/
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
/
C1                        R
C2                        Employer
C3                        Relative
C4                        FORMER EMPLOYER
C5                        OTHER
C10
G                         1/5
J1508 1508 1509           1507(5)
Q1508U                    Y28_2. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1509 1509 923            1507(1)
Q1509UB         5         Y28_3. AMOUNT PAY FOR INSURANCE
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/
/
/
/    How much do you pay for this insurance?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1510T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1509
C2                        8
J1511 1509               B1510("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1511 1513                1510(0)
Q1511B     102            Y28_3. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
/
/    And is that weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly, or what?
/^C1
/
/                   ^B
J1512 1511               B1511(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1512 1513                1511(N20)
Q1512U                    Y28_3. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1513 923                 1509(A).1461(2)
Q1513B     1351           Y29.  ELIGIBLE FOR BENEFITS - R NOT ALONE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF M6(G1)+25(2)
/    Are you or anyone in your family living here, including household 
/    members with independent finances, currently eligible to receive 
/    benefits from any government health insurance program, such as 
/    Medicare, Medicaid, or CHAMPUS, VA, or other military programs?
/~ELSE
/    Are you or anyone in your family living here currently eligible to 
/    receive benefits from any government health insurance program, such as 
/    Medicare, Medicaid, or CHAMPUS, VA, or other military programs?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1514 1520                1513(2.K2.K3)
J1514 1513               B1513(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1514MC                   Y29_1. WHICH PROGRAM?
/                                                                            QxQ
/    Which program is that? (Anything else?) (CODE ALL THAT APPLY.)
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER:
/          MAINLY ONLY PERSONS 65 0R OLDER SHOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICARE.
/          ONLY LOW-INCOME PERSONS SHOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICAID.
/          CHAMPUS IS FOR ACTIVE MILITARY.
/
C1                        Medicare
C2                        Medicaid
C3                        VA
C4                        Champus
C5                        Other
C10 
G                         1/5
J1515 1515 1516           1514(5)
Q1515U                    Y29_1. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1516B     1351           Y29_2. IS EVERYONE COVERED?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0(1)=1514U(1/5)=
/    Is everyone living here covered by this program?
/~ELSE
/    Is everyone living here covered by one of these programs?
/~END
/
/
/                        ^B
J1517 1518                1516(2.K2.K3)
J1517 1516               B1516(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1517B     1351           Y29_3.COVERED BY OTHER HEALTH COVERAGE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are you or anyone covered by any other type of health coverage such as
/    employer or union plans, or Blue Cross-Blue Shield, a Health
/    Maintenance Organization (HMO), a Medigap plan, or some other health
/    insurance?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1518 1521                1517(1)
J1518 1532                1517(2.K2.K3)
J1518 1517               B1517(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1518MC                   Y29_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Who is not covered?  (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
/
C1                        R
C2                        Spouse/partner
C3                        Child(ren) under 18
C4                        Child(ren) 18 and Over
C5                        Father (In-Law)
C6                        Mother (In-Law)
C7                        Other
C10
G                         1
G                         2=M7(2/3)+25(1)
G                         3=M7(4)+16(L18)
G                         4=M7(4)+16(G17)
G                         5=M7(6)+8(1)
G                         6=M7(6)+8(2)
G                         7
J1519 1519 1520           1518(7)
Q1519U                    Y29_4V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1520B     1351           Y30.COVERED BY OTHER HEALTH COVERAGE?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Are you or anyone covered by any (other) type of health coverage 
/    such as employer or union plans, or Blue Cross-Blue Shield, a Health
/    Maintenance Organization (HMO), a Medigap plan, or some other health
/    insurance?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1521 1533                1520(2.K2.K3)
J1521 1520               B1520(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1521MC                   Y31.  COVERAGE OBTAINED THROUGH...
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Is this coverage obtained through your employer, former employer, or
/    union, your ^35(7/9)'s employer, former employer, or
/    union, through direct payments to an insurance company, AARP, or
/    somewhere else?
/~ELSE
/    Is this coverage obtained through your employer, former employer, or
/    union, through direct payments to an insurance company, AARP, or
/    somewhere else?
/~END
/
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
C1                        R'S EMPLOYER
C2                        R'S FORMER EMPLOYER
C3                        R'S UNION
C4                        SPOUSE/PARTNER'S EMPLOYER
C5                        SPOUSE/PARTNER'S FORMER EMPLOYER
C6                        SPOUSE/PARTNER'S UNION
C7                        DIRECTLY FROM INSURANCE CO.
C8                        AARP
C9                        OTHER
C10
G                         1/3
G                         4/6=M7(2/3)+25(1)
G                         7/9
J1522 1522 1523           1521(9)
Q1522U                    Y31V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1523MC                   Y31_1. HOW COVERAGE PAID
/                                                                            QxQ
/    How is this coverage paid for - by you, by an employer, by you and an
/    employer, by a relative, or what?
/
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
/
C1                        R/Family
C2                        Employer
C3                        Relative
C4                        FORMER EMPLOYER
C5                        Other
C10
G                         1/5
J1524 1524 1525           1523(5)
Q1524U                    Y31_1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1525 1525 1529           1523(1)
Q1525UB         5         Y31_2. AMOUNT OF INSURANCE PAYMENTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(LE1)=6AM25(N2)=
/    How much do you pay for this insurance?
/~ELSE
/    How much do you and your other household members pay for this insurance?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$__,___.!("range",1/99999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1526T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1525
C2                        8
J1527 1525               B1526("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1527 1529                1526(0)
Q1527B     102            Y31_2. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER: CODE WITHOUT ASKING IF ALREADY MENTIONED.
/
/    And is that weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly, or what?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1528 1527               B1527(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1528 1529                1527(N20)
Q1528U                    Y31_2V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1529B     1351           Y31_3. EVERYONE COVERED BY ONE
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Is everyone in your household covered by at least one of these 
/    private health programs?
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1530 1532                1529(1.K2.K3)
J1530 1529               B1529(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1530MC    1518           Y31_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED
/                                                                            QxQ
/    Who is not  covered (including those with independent finances)?
/    (Anyone else?)
/
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
J1531 1531 1532           1530(7)
Q1531U                    Y31_4V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1532 1532 1533           1516(N1)+1529(N1)
Q1532B     1351           Y31_5.EVERYONE COVERED BY SOME TYPE OF HEALTH INS
/
/
/    Is everyone in your family covered by some type of public or
/    private health insurance?
/
/                     ^B
J1533 1532               B1532(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1533 1536                1532(1.K2.K3)
J1533 1536                1520(K2.K3).1516(1.K2.K3).1529(1.K2.K3)
Q1533B                    Y32.REASONS WHY NO HEALTH INSURANCE
/                                                                            QxQ
/    This is a list of reasons why some people don't have health insurance.
/    Which number best describes why (you/some members of your family living
/    here) are not covered?
/
/INTERVIEWER:  SHOW CARD 17
/^C1
/  ^B
C0
C1                        Too expensive, can't afford health insurance
C2                        Can't get health insurance because of poor health, age
/, or illness
C3                        Don't believe in health insurance
C4                        Not much sickness in the family - we haven't needed in
/surance
C5                        Dissatisfied with previous insurance
C6                        Job layoff or job loss
C7                        Everyone covered by some health insurance
C8                        Other
J1534 1533               B1533(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1534 1536                1533(N8)
Q1534U                    Y32V.  COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1536 923                 1498(N1)
Q1536B     1351           Y34. 18 OR OVER RECEIVE WAGES...
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(G1)=6AM25(2)=
/    I'd like to ask some questions just about the other adults 18 and over
/    who live with you (and your family) but have independent finances.
/~ELSE
/    I'd like to ask some questions just about the other adult 18 and over
/    who lives with you (and your family) but has independent finances.
/~END
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Does he receive any income from wages or salaries?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Does she receive any income from wages or salaries?
/~ELSE
/    Do they receive any income from wages or salaries?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Do any of these other adults receive income from wages or salaries?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1537 1541                1536(2.K2.K3)
J1537 1536               B1536(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1537UB         9         Y34_1. AMOUNT - 18 AND OVER INCOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Roughly how much total income did he have from wages and
/    salaries in 1994 before taxes and deductions?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Roughly how much total income did she have from wages and
/    salaries in 1994 before taxes and deductions?
/~ELSE
/    Roughly how much total income did they have from wages and
/    salaries in 1994 before taxes and deductions?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Roughly how much total income did they have from wages and
/    salaries in 1994 before taxes and deductions?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                 ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1538T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1537
C2                        6
J1539 1537               B1538("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1539 1541                1538(0)
Q1539B     1351           Y34_2. INCLUDE THIS AMOUNT EARLIER
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you include this amount in the income you told me about 
/    earlier in this interview?
/
/INTERVIEWER:    IF R ONLY TOLD ABOUT PART, MAKE NOTE
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1540 1541                1539(2.K2.K3)
J1540 1539               B1539(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1540U                    Y34_3. WHERE DID YOU TELL ME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Where did you tell me about this income?
V                         M!a_!
Q1541B     1351           Y35. ANY OTHER SOURCES
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Does he receive income from any other sources (such as social 
/    security, a pension, disability payments, public assistance,
/    or income from a business or other assets)?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Does she receive income from any other sources (such as social 
/    security, a pension, disability payments, public assistance,
/    or income from a business or other assets)?
/~ELSE
/    Do they receive income from any other sources (such as social 
/    security, a pension, disability payments, public assistance,
/    or income from a business or other assets)?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Do they receive income from any other sources (such as social 
/    security, a pension, disability payments, public assistance,
/    or income from a business or other assets)?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1542 1548                1541(2.K2.K3)
J1542 1541               B1541(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1542MC                   Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    What other sources of income does he have?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    What other sources of income does she have?
/~ELSE
/    What other sources of income do they have?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    What other sources of income do they have?
/~END
/
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
/
C1                        Social Security
C2                        Pensions
C3                        Disability
C4                        Public Assistance
C5                        Interest Income
C6                        Dividends
C7                        Business
C8                        Real Estate
C9                        Other
C10                       
G                         1/9
J1543 1543 1544           1542(9)
Q1543U                    Y35_1V. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
Q1544UB         9         Y35_2.AMOUNT OF TOTAL INCOME IN 94
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Roughly how much total income did he have from 
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Roughly how much total income did she have from 
/~ELSE
/    Roughly how much total income did they have from 
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Roughly how much total income did they have from 
/~END
/~IF 0(G1)=1542U(1/9)=
/    all these sources in 1994 before taxes and deductions?
/~ELSE
/    all this source in 1994 before taxes and deductions?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                ANNUAL AMOUNT: ^B IN '94
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",-99999999/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1545 1546                1544(0+"0")
Q1545T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1544
C2                        6
J1546 1544               B1545("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1546 1548                1545(0)
Q1546B     1351           Y35_3. INCLUDE THIS AMOUNT EARLIER
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you include this amount in the income you told me about earlier in
/    this interview?
/
/INTERVIEWER:    IF R ONLY TOLD ABOUT PART, MAKE NOTE
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1547 1548                1546(2.K2.K3)
J1547 1546               B1546(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1547U                    Y35_4. WHERE DID YOU TELL ME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Where did you tell me about this income?
V                         M!a_!
Q1548B     1351           Y36. CARS OR VEHICLES
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Does he have any cars or other vehicles?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Does she have any cars or other vehicles?
/~ELSE
/    Do they have any cars or other vehicles?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Do any of them have any cars or other vehicles?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1549 1553                1548(2.K2.K3)
J1549 1548               B1548(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1549UB         9         Y36_1. HOW MUCH VEHICLES WORTH
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Roughly how much (is this/are these) vehicle(s) worth now?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1550 1551                1549(0+"0")
Q1550T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1549
C2                        6
J1551 1549               B1550("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1551 1553                1550(0)
Q1551B     1351           Y36_2. INCLUDE THIS VEHICLE EARLIER
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you include (this/these) vehicle(s) in the ones you told me
/    about earlier in this interview?
/
/INTERVIEWER:    IF R ONLY TOLD ABOUT PART, MAKE NOTE
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1552 1553                1551(2.K2.K3)
J1552 1551               B1551(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1552U                    Y36_3. WHERE DID YOU TELL ME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Where did you tell me about this/these vehicles?
V                         M!a_!
Q1553B     1351           Y37. BANK ACCOUNT, SAVINGS ACCOUNTS...
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Does he have any bank accounts, savings accounts, or
/    savings bonds?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Does she have any bank accounts, savings accounts, or
/    savings bonds?
/~ELSE
/    Do they have any bank accounts, savings accounts, or
/    savings bonds?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Do they have any bank accounts, savings accounts, or
/    savings bonds?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1554 1558                1553(2.K2.K3)
J1554 1553               B1553(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1554UB         9         Y37_1. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNTS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Roughly how much in total does he have in bank accounts, 
/    savings accounts, or savings bonds?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Roughly how much in total does she have in bank accounts, 
/    savings accounts, or savings bonds?
/~ELSE
/    Roughly how much in total do they have in bank accounts, 
/    savings accounts, or savings bonds?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Roughly how much in total do they have in bank accounts, 
/    savings accounts, or savings bonds?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1555T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1554
C2                        7
J1556 1554               B1555("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1556 1558                1555(0)
Q1556B     1351           Y37_2. INCLUDE THIS VEHICLE EARLIER
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you include this amount when you told me about these items earlier
/    in this interview?
/
/INTERVIEWER:    IF R ONLY TOLD ABOUT PART, MAKE NOTE
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1557 1558                1556(2.K2.K3)
J1557 1556               B1556(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1557U                    Y37_3. WHERE DID YOU TELL ME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Where did you tell me about this/these items?
V                         M!a_!
Q1558B     1351           Y38. ANY OTHER ASSETS?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Does he have any other assets (such as stocks, bonds, a business, 
/    or any properties, including any part of the [house/apartment] you 
/    live in)?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Does she have any other assets (such as stocks, bonds, a business, 
/    or any properties, including any part of the [house/apartment] you 
/    live in)?
/~ELSE
/    Do they have any other assets (such as stocks, bonds, a business, 
/    or any properties, including any part of the [house/apartment] you 
/    live in)?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Do they have any other assets (such as stocks, bonds, a business, 
/    or any properties, including any part of the [house/apartment] you 
/    live in)?
/~END
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1559 1571                1558(2.K2.K3)
J1559 1558               B1558(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1559MC                   Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS
/                                                                            QxQ
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    What other kinds of assets does he have?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    What other kinds of assets does she have?
/~ELSE
/    What other kinds of assets do they have?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    What other kinds of assets do they have?
/~END
/
/    (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
/
C1                        R's Home
C2                        Stocks
C3                        Bonds
C4                        Mutual Funds
C5                        Money Market Funds
C6                        Business
C7                        Other Real Estate
C8                        Other
C10 
G                         1/8
J1560 1559               B1559(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
J1560 1560 1582           1559(8)
Q1560U                    Y38_1. COMMENT FOR OTHER
/
/
/
/    PLEASE SPECIFY.
V                         M!a_!
J1582 1561
Q1582X
C1                        this asset
C2                        all these assets
G                         1=0(1)=1559U(1/8)=
G                         2=0(G1)=1559U(1/8)=
G                         2=1559(0)
Q1561UB         9         Y38_2. AMOUNT IN ASSETS
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    Roughly how much in total does he have in ^1582?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    Roughly how much in total does she have in ^1582?
/~ELSE
/    Roughly how much in total do they have in ^1582?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    Roughly how much in total do they have in ^1582?
/~END
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1562 1563                1561(0+"0")
Q1562T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1561
C2                        6
J1563 1561               B1562("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1563 1565                1562(0)
Q1563B     1351           Y38_3. INCLUDE ASSETS EARLIER
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you include this amount in the assets you told me about earlier
/    in this interview?
/
/INTERVIEWER:    IF R ONLY TOLD ABOUT PART, MAKE NOTE
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1564 1565                1563(2.K2.K3)
J1564 1563               B1563(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1564U                    Y38_4. WHERE DID YOU TELL ME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Where did you tell me about ^1582?
V                         M!a_!
J1565 1566                1559(1)=:1:
J1565 1566                1559(A)=:2:
Q1565B                    Y39. INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT:  SEE Q.38.1
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
/
C0
C1                        R's HOME MARKED IN Q.38.1
C2                        ALL OTHERS
J1566 1571                1565(2)
Q1566UB         5         Y39_1. WHAT SHARE OF HOME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/    What share of this home does he own?
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/    What share of this home does she own?
/~ELSE
/    What share of this home do they own?
/~END
/~ELSE
/    What share of this home do they own?
/~END
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.U___.__%!(0/100)
J1567 1567 1569           1559(1)
Q1567UB         9         Y39_2. PRESENT VALUE OF HOME
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What is the present value of this home?  I mean, about what would it
/    bring if it were sold today?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1568 1583                1567(0+"0")
Q1568T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1567
C2                        3
J1569 1567               B1568("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1583UT         14        |1568*(1566/100X)
J1569 1567               B1562(G0)+1583(GQ1562)=VALUE OF HOME TIMES PERCENTAGE O
/WNED IS GREATER THAN TOTAL ASSETS!
Q1569UB         9         Y39_3. AMOUNT OWED ON MORTGAGES
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    What is the amount still owed on all the mortgages, land contracts, and
/    loans on the home?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",0/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
J1570 1571                1569(0+"0")
Q1570T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1569
C2                        3
J1571 1569               B1570("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
Q1571B     1351           Y40. HAVE ANY DEBTS
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/~IF 0A(1)=6AM25(2)=
/~IF M6(G1)+8(1)+25(2)
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Not including any debts he owes you or your ^35(7/9), 
/    does he have any debts?
/~ELSE
/    Not including any debts he owes you, does he have any debts?
/~END
/~ELSE M6(G1)+8(2)+25(2)
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Not including any debts she owes you or your ^35(7/9), 
/    does she have any debts?
/~ELSE
/    Not including any debts she owes you, does she have any debts?
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Not including any debts they owe you or your ^35(7/9), 
/    do they have any debts?
/~ELSE
/    Not including any debts they owe you, do they have any debts?
/~END
/~END
/~ELSE
/~IF M7(2/3)+25(1)
/    Not including any debts they owe you or your ^35(7/9), 
/    do they have any debts?
/~ELSE
/    Not including any debts they owe you, do they have any debts?
/~END
/~END
/
/INTERVIEWER: IF R ASKS:  DO NOT INCLUDE MORTGAGE ON R's HOME
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1572 923                 1571(2.K2.K3)
J1572 1571               B1571(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1572UB         9         Y40_1. AMOUNT IN DEBT
/
/        INTERVIEWER: DO NOT USE [F2] TO ENTER A COMMENT ON THIS SCREEN
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Roughly how much in total are these debts?
/
/    IF R GIVES RANGE, PRESS [F9] KEY.
/
/                        ^B
V                         !.A$___,___,___.!("range",1/999999999)
*******************************CALL DKDOL*************************************
Q1573T          30        DK.~DKDOL.VQ
C1                        ^1572
C2                        6
J1574 1572               B1573("X")=PLEASE ENTER CORRECT AMOUNT
******************************************************************************
J1574 923                 1573(0)
Q1574B     1351           Y40_2. INCLUDE DEBTS EARLIER?
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Did you include these debts when you told me about the household
/    debts earlier in this interview?
/
/INTERVIEWER:    IF R ONLY TOLD ABOUT PART, MAKE NOTE
/^C1
/
/                        ^B
J1575 923                 1574(2.K2.K3)
J1575 1574               B1574(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q1575U                    Y40_3. WHERE DID YOU TELL ME
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Where did you tell me about these debts?
V                         M!a_!
J923  966                 M976(1)+1038(N1)+1039(N1)
Q923U                     Y40_4.
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Earlier you told me about a pension or retirement plan you are included
/    in through your current job.  Because pensions are an important part of
/    this study and there are many legal details of plans very few people
/    know, we would like to contact the organization that provides your
/    pension to obtain a legal description of your plan(s).  Your name and
/    the fact that you did this interview will not be mentioned.  What is the
/    name and address of the organization that provides your pension?
V                         M!a_!
J966  1576                M976(2)+1038(N1)+1039(N1)
J966  1576                976(1)
Q966U                     Y40_5.
/                                                                            QxQ
/
/
/    Earlier you told me about a pension or retirement plan your
/    ^35(7/9) is included in through ^35(12/13) current job.
/~IF 923(NA)
/    Because pensions are an important part of this study and few people
/    know all the legal details of their plans, we would like to contact 
/    the organization that provides your pension to obtain a legal
/~IF M6(2)+8(1)
/    description of his plan(s).  His name and the fact that you
/    did this interview will not be mentioned.
/~ELSE
/    description of her plan(s).  Her name and the fact that you
/    did this interview will not be mentioned.
/~END
/~END
/    What is the name and address of the organization that provides 
/    ^35(12/13) pension?
V                         M!a_!
Q1576U                    Y41. FINISH
/
/
/
/    That finishes the actual interview.  Is there anything you would like
/    to add to any of the subjects we've discussed?
/
/    INTERVIEWER:  DO CASE VALIDATION NOW WHILE THE CASE IS FILING.
/                  PLEASE THANK THE RESPONDENT!
V                         M!a_!
Q1577UT        N2    2    ELAPSED SECONDS - END
Q1599UT         17        TIME OF DAY


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
AUTOQUEST (SURVEYCRAFT) PROGRAM FOR INTERVIEWER COMMENTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
L90                  209=REFUSED
L91                  210=DON'T KNOW
Q1UT        R10      CASEID
Q2B                  ZZ1. INTERIOR
/
/
/
/       Please rate the physical condition of the interior of the HU:
/^C1
/
/^B
C0
C1                   EXCELLENT. WALLS AND CEILINGS HAVE NO CRACKS. PAINT OR PANE
/LLING IN GOOD CONDITION.
C2                   GOOD. NEEDS SOME MINOR PAINTING OR REFINISHING.
C3                   FAIR. NEEDS MAJOR INTERIOR WORK. HOLES AND/OR CRACKS NEED P
/ATCHING. PAINTING NEEDED. ETC.
C4                   POOR. SOME WALLS OR CEILINGS NEED REPLACEMENT.
C5                   DON'T KNOW--WASN'T INSIDE HOUSE.
J3   2              B2(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q3B                  ZZ2. Rs UNDERSTANDING.
/
/
/
/            R's understanding of the questions was...
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   EXCELLENT
C2                   GOOD
C3                   FAIR
C4                   POOR
J4   3              B3(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q4B                  ZZ3. ABILITY TO EXPRESS
/
/
/
/                R's ability to express himself/herself was...
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   EXCELLENT
C2                   GOOD
C3                   FAIR
C4                   POOR
J5   4              B4(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q5B                  ZZ4. SUSPICIOUS BEFORE
/
/
/
/            Was R suspicious about the study before the interview?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   NO, NOT AT ALL SUSPICIOUS
C2                   YES, SOMEWHAT SUSPICIOUS
C3                   YES, VERY SUSPICIOUS
J6   5              B5(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q6B                  ZZ5. SUSPICIOUS AFTER
/
/
/
/            Was R suspicious about the study after the interview?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   NO, NOT AT ALL SUSPICIOUS
C2                   YES, SOMEWHAT SUSPICIOUS
C3                   YES, VERY SUSPICIOUS
J7   6              B6(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q7B                  ZZ6. INTEREST
/
/
/
/            Overall, how great was R's interest in the interview?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   VERY HIGH
C2                   ABOVE AVERAGE
C3                   AVERAGE
C4                   BELOW AVERAGE
C5                   VERY LOW
J8   7              B7(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q8MC                 ZZ7. OTHERS PRESENT
/
/
/
/            Other persons present at the interview: (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
/^C1
C1                   CHILDREN UNDER AGE 6
C2                   CHILDREN 6 AND OVER
C3                   SPOUSE/PARTNER
C4                   OTHER RELATIVES
C5                   OTHER ADULTS
C6                   NO ONE
C10
G                    1/6
Q9B                  ZZ8. DOCUMENTS
/
/
/
/    Did R refer to documents to answer questions?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   FREQUENTLY
C2                   SOMETIMES
C3                   RARELY
C4                   NEVER
J10  12              9(4)
J10  9              B9(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q10MC                ZZ9. WHAT DOCUMENTS
/
/
/
/            Which documents did R refer to? (CODE ALL THAT APPLY)
/^C1
C1                   INCOME TAX RETURNS
C2                   PENSION DOCUMENTS
C3                   ACCOUNT STATEMENTS
C4                   INVESTMENT/BUSINESS RECORDS
C5                   LOAN DOCUMENTS
C6                   OTHER
C10
G                    1/6
J11  12              10(N6)
Q11U                 ZZ9V. OTHER
/Please specify.
V                    *
Q12B                 ZZ10. LANGUAGE
/
/
/
/            In what language was the survey conducted?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   ENGLISH
C2                   SPANISH
J13  12             B12(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q13B                 ZZ11. MORE THAN ONCE
/
/
/
/            Other than inheritances, do you believe that the R reported the
/    same asset or debt more than once in the interview?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   YES
C2                   NO
J14  15              13(2)
J14  13             B13(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q14U                 ZZ12. WHICH ASSETS REPORTED
/
/
/
/            Which assets and/or debts are these?
V                    *
Q15B                 ZZ13. ASSETS NOT COLLECTED
/
/
/
/            Do you believe that any important assets or debts were not
/    collected in the interview?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   YES
C2                   NO
J16  17              15(2)
J16  15             B15(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q16U                 ZZ14. WHICH ASSETS REPORTED
/
/
/
/            Which assets and/or debts are these?
V                    *
Q17B                 ZZ15. CONSISTENCY PROBLEMS
/
/
/
/            Do you believe there are any important consistency problems
/    with this interview?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   YES
C2                   NO
J18  19              17(2)
J18  17             B17(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q18U                 ZZ16. WHAT PROBLEMS
/
/
/
/            What are these problems?
V                    *
Q19B                 ZZ17. CONSISTENCY PROBLEMS
/
/
/
/    Is there anything about this case that would be helpful in resolving
/    problems with this case, or anything else you believe we need to know?
/^C1
/                        ^B
C0
C1                   YES
C2                   NO
J20  21              19(2)
J20  19             B19(0+"0")=PLEASE ENTER RESPONSE
Q20U                 ZZ18. WHAT PROBLEMS
/Please specify.
V                    *
Q21U                 THANKS
/
/
/
/            INTERVIEWER: THANK YOU FOR COMPLETING ANOTHER INTERVIEW AND
/    THIS IMPORTANT BACKGROUND INFORMATION. YOUR CARE AND ATTENTION ARE
/    ESSENTIAL TO THE SUCCESS OF THIS PROJECT.
Q22UT        17      TIME STAMP


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
MAPPING FROM AUTOQUEST VARIABLES ("Q-variables") TO SCF VARIABLES
("X-variables)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
This section provides a rough guide for the equivalence of SCF and
AQ variables.  The mapping is rough because duplicate AQ variables
have been collapsed into one SCF variable, and because some
information has been rearranged to conform to the treatment of data in
the SCF since 1989.  Included in this file are the variables
associated with the DKDOL subroutine, which is discussed in the
introduction to this codebook.

CASEID - CASEID                                       N    XX1 
AQID - AQID                                           N
Q7A1 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                            N    X8020
Q8A1 - HHL_B. SEX OF RESPONDENT                       N    X8021
Q10A1 - BMO. RESPONDENT BIRTH MONTH                   N    X5907
Q11A1 - BDAY. RESPONDENT BIRTH DAY                    N    X7003
Q12A1 - BYR. RESPONDENT BIRTH YEAR                    N    X5908
Q15A1 - VERAGE. VERIFY RESPONDENT AGE                 N    X7005
Q16A1 - AGE. HOW OLD IS RESPONDENT?                   N    X8022
Q19A1 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                           N    NULL
Q20A1 - HHL1. RESPONDENT MARITAL STATUS               N    X8023
Q21A1 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                  N    X8024
Q22A1 - HHL2_1. S/P LIVE WITH YOU NOW?                N    X7000
Q23A1 - HHL2_2. LIVE WITH PARTNER?                    N    X7002
Q25A1 - HHL4. S/P FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?              N    X8098
Q26A1 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A2 - HHL_A. S/P RELATIONSHIP TO R                   N    X102
Q8A2 - HHL_B. SEX OF SPOUSE/PARTNER                   N    X103
Q15A2 - VERAGE. VERIFY S/P AGE                        N    NULL
Q16A2 - AGE. HOW OLD IS SPOUSE/PARTNER?               N    X104
Q19A2 - OVER18. S/P 18 OR OVER?                       N    NULL
Q20A2 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS OF S/P                   N    X105
Q21A2 - HHL2. S/P USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?              N    X106
Q25A2 - HHL4. S/P FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?              N    X107
Q26A2 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A3 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                            N    X108
Q8A3 - HHL_B. SEX                                     N    X109
Q15A3 - VERAGE. VERIFY AGE                            N    NULL
Q16A3 - AGE. HOW OLD?                                 N    X110
Q19A3 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                           N    X7006
Q20A3 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS                          N    X111
Q21A3 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                  N    X112
Q25A3 - HHL4. FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?                  N    X113
Q26A3 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A4 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                            N    X114
Q8A4 - HHL_B. SEX                                     N    X115
Q15A4 - VERAGE. VERIFY AGE                            N    NULL
Q16A4 - AGE. HOW OLD?                                 N    X116
Q19A4 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                           N    X7007
Q20A4 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS                          N    X117
Q21A4 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                  N    X118
Q25A4 - HHL4. FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?                  N    X119
Q26A4 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A5 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                            N    X120
Q8A5 - HHL_B. SEX                                     N    X121
Q15A5 - VERAGE. VERIFY AGE                            N    NULL
Q16A5 - AGE. HOW OLD?                                 N    X122
Q19A5 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                           N    X7008
Q20A5 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS                          N    X123
Q21A5 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                  N    X124
Q25A5 - HHL4. FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?                  N    X125
Q26A5 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A6 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                            N    X126
Q8A6 - HHL_B. SEX                                     N    X127
Q15A6 - VERAGE. VERIFY AGE                            N    NULL
Q16A6 - AGE. HOW OLD?                                 N    X128
Q19A6 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                           N    X7009
Q20A6 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS                          N    X129
Q21A6 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                  N    X130
Q25A6 - HHL4. FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?                  N    X131
Q26A6 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A7 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                            N    X132
Q8A7 - HHL_B. SEX                                     N    X133
Q15A7 - VERAGE. VERIFY AGE                            N    NULL
Q16A7 - AGE. HOW OLD?                                 N    X134
Q19A7 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                           N    X7010
Q20A7 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS                          N    X135
Q21A7 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                  N    X136 
Q25A7 - HHL4. FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?                  N    X137
Q26A7 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A8 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                            N    X202
Q8A8 - HHL_B. SEX                                     N    X203
Q15A8 - VERAGE. VERIFY AGE                            N    NULL
Q16A8 - AGE. HOW OLD?                                 N    X204
Q19A8 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                           N    X7011
Q20A8 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS                          N    X205
Q21A8 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                  N    X206
Q25A8 - HHL4. FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?                  N    X207
Q26A8 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A9 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                            N    X208
Q8A9 - HHL_B. SEX                                     N    X209
Q15A9 - VERAGE. VERIFY AGE                            N    NULL
Q16A9 - AGE. HOW OLD?                                 N    X210
Q19A9 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                           N    X7012
Q20A9 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS                          N    X211
Q21A9 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                  N    X212
Q25A9 - HHL4. FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?                  N    X213
Q26A9 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU?              N
Q7A10 - HHL_A. RELATIONSHIP                           N    X214
Q8A10 - HHL_B. SEX                                    N    X215
Q15A10 - VERAGE. VERIFY AGE                           N    NULL
Q16A10 - AGE. HOW OLD?                                N    X216
Q19A10 - OVER18. 18 OR OVER?                          N    X7013
Q20A10 - HHL1. MARITAL STATUS                         N    X217
Q21A10 - HHL2. USUALLY LIVE WITH YOU?                 N    X218
Q25A10 - HHL4. FINANCIALLY DEPENDENT?                 N    X219
Q26A10 - NEXTHH. ANYONE ELSE LIVE W/ YOU              N
Q27 - HH LIST.                                        N
Q28 - R MARITAL STATUS                                N
Q29 - SPOUSE/PARTNER'S MARITAL STATUS                 N
Q32 - A1. EXPECTATIONS FOR ECONOMY                    N    X301
Q33 - A2. INTEREST RATES HIGHER/LOWER                 N    X302
Q34 - A3. SHOPPING: LOANS                             N    X7100
Q36A1 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7101
Q36A2 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7102
Q36A3 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7103
Q36A4 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7104
Q36A5 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7105 
Q36A6 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7106 
Q36A7 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7107 
Q36A8 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7108 
Q36A9 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECIS              N    X7109 
Q36A10 - A3_1. INFO USED FOR BORROW DECI              N    X7110 
Q38 - A4. SHOPPING: SAVING/INVESTMENTS                N    X7111
Q39A1 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7112 
Q39A2 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7113 
Q39A3 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7114 
Q39A4 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7115 
Q39A5 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7116 
Q39A6 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7117 
Q39A7 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7118 
Q39A8 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7119 
Q39A9 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS?              N    X7120 
Q39A10 - A4_1. HOW MAKE INVEST DECISIONS              N    X7121 
Q41 - A5. ONE OR # OF INSTITUTIONS                    N    X305A
Q42 - A5A. # OF INSTITUTIONS                          N    X305
Q45A1 - A5_1. INSTITUTION NAME                        C
Q46A1 - A5_9. ANOTHER INSTITUTION?                    N    X311
Q45A2 - A5_1. INSTITUTION NAME                        C
Q46A2 - A5_9. ANOTHER INSTITUTION?                    N    X315
Q45A3 - A5_1. INSTITUTION NAME                        C
Q46A3 - A5_9. ANOTHER INSTITUTION?                    N    X319
Q45A4 - A5_1. INSTITUTION NAME                        C
Q46A4 - A5_9. ANOTHER INSTITUTION?                    N    X323
Q45A5 - A5_1. INSTITUTION NAME                        C
Q46A5 - A5_9. ANOTHER INSTITUTION?                    N    X327
Q45A6 - A5_1. INSTITUTION NAME                        C
Q46A6 - A5_9. ANOTHER INSTITUTION?                    N    NULL
Q48A1 - A6. TYPE OF INSTITUTION                       N    X308
Q50A1B1 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6600 
Q50A1B2 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6601
Q50A1B3 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6602 
Q50A1B4 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6603 
Q50A1B5 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6604 
Q50A1B6 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6605 
Q50A1B7 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6606 
Q50A1B8 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6607 
Q52A1 - A8. INSTITUTION DISTANCE-CODED                N    X310A
Q53A1 - A8A. # OF MILES TO INSTITUTION                N    X310
Q55A1 - A9. ANY OTHER INSTITUTIONS?                   N
Q48A2 - A6. TYPE OF INSTITUTION                       N    X312
Q50A2B1 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6608 
Q50A2B2 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6609
Q50A2B3 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6610 
Q50A2B4 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6611 
Q50A2B5 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6612 
Q50A2B6 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6613 
Q50A2B7 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6614 
Q50A2B8 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6615 
Q52A2 - A8. INSTITUTION DISTANCE-CODED                N    X314A
Q53A2 - A8A. # OF MILES TO INSTITUTION                N    X314
Q55A2 - A9. ANY OTHER INSTITUTIONS?                   N
Q48A3 - A6. TYPE OF INSTITUTION                       N    X316
Q50A3B1 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6616 
Q50A3B2 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6617
Q50A3B3 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6618 
Q50A3B4 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6619 
Q50A3B5 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6620 
Q50A3B6 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6621 
Q50A3B7 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6622 
Q50A3B8 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6623 
Q52A3 - A8. INSTITUTION DISTANCE-CODED                N    X318A
Q53A3 - A8A. # OF MILES TO INSTITUTION                N    X318
Q55A3 - A9. ANY OTHER INSTITUTIONS?                   N
Q48A4 - A6. TYPE OF INSTITUTION                       N    X320
Q50A4B1 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6624 
Q50A4B2 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6625
Q50A4B3 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6626 
Q50A4B4 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6627 
Q50A4B5 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6628 
Q50A4B6 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6629 
Q50A4B7 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6630 
Q50A4B8 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6631 
Q52A4 - A8. INSTITUTION DISTANCE-CODED                N    X322A
Q53A4 - A8A. # OF MILES TO INSTITUTION                N    X322
Q55A4 - A9. ANY OTHER INSTITUTIONS?                   N
Q48A5 - A6. TYPE OF INSTITUTION                       N    X324
Q50A5B1 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6632
Q50A5B2 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6633
Q50A5B3 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6634
Q50A5B4 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6635
Q50A5B5 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6636
Q50A5B6 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6637
Q50A5B7 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6638
Q50A5B8 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6639
Q52A5 - A8. INSTITUTION DISTANCE-CODED                N    X326A
Q53A5 - A8A. # OF MILES TO INSTITUTION                N    X326
Q55A5 - A9. ANY OTHER INSTITUTIONS?                   N
Q48A6 - A6. TYPE OF INSTITUTION                       N    X328
Q50A6B1 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6640 
Q50A6B2 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6641 
Q50A6B3 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6642 
Q50A6B4 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6643 
Q50A6B5 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6644 
Q50A6B6 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6645 
Q50A6B7 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6646 
Q50A6B8 - A7. HOW DO BUSINESS W/ INSTIT               N    X6647
Q52A6 - A8. INSTITUTION DISTANCE-CODED                N    X330A
Q53A6 - A8A. # OF MILES TO INSTITUTION                N    X330
Q55A6 - A9. ANY OTHER INSTITUTIONS?                   N
Q57 - INSTITUTIONS.                                   N
Q58 - A5_10. DO YOU HAVE ANY CASH CARDS?              N    X306
Q71 - A5_10_1. HAVE ANY DEBIT CARDS?                  N    X7582
Q72 - A5_10_2. HAVE ANY DIRECT DEPOSITS?              N    X7122
Q73A1 - A5_10_3. KINDS OF DEPOSITS                    N    X7123A 
Q73A2 - A5_10_3. KINDS OF DEPOSITS                    N    X7124A
Q73A3 - A5_10_3. KINDS OF DEPOSITS                    N    X7125A 
Q75 - A5_10_4. MAKE ANY AUTO BILL PMTS?               N    X7126
Q487A1 - A5_10_5. SORTS OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7127A
Q487A2 - A5_10_5. SORTS OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7128A
Q487A3 - A5_10_5. SORTS OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7129A
Q755 - A5_10_6. HAVE ANY SMART CARDS?                 N    X7130
Q60 - B1. BUY ON INSTALLMENT                          N    X401
Q62A1 - B2. OK TO BORROW...FOR VACATION?              N    X402
Q62A2 - B2. OK TO COVER LIVING EXPENSES?              N    X403
Q62A3 - B2. OK TO PURCHASE FUR/JEWELRY?               N    X404
Q62A4 - B2. OK TO PURCHASE CAR?                       N    X405
Q62A5 - B2. OK FOR EDUCATIONAL EXPENSES?              N    X406
Q63 - B2_6. APPLIED FOR CREDIT/LOAN?                  N    X7131
Q64 - B3. TURNED DOWN IN LAST 5 YRS?                  N    X407
Q65 - B3_1. OBTAIN FULL AMOUNT?                       N    X408
Q67 - B3_3. TYPE OF CREDIT APPLIED FOR                N    X7584
Q69 - B3_4. THOUGHT MIGHT BE TURNED DOWN              N    X409
Q76 - B5. DO YOU HAVE ANY CREDIT CARDS?               N    X410
Q78A1 - B6. HAVE ANY VISA/MC/DISC CARDS?              N    X7973
Q79A1 - B6_1. # OF VISA/MC/DISC/OPTIMA                N    X411
Q80A1 - B7. AMOUNT OF NEW CHARGES                     N    X412
DK5_1 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N
DK8_1 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N
DK9_1 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N
DK10_1 - DECISION TREE 1                              N
DK11_1 - DECISION TREE 2                              N
DK12_1 - DECISION TREE 3                              N
DK13_1 - DECISION TREE 4                              N
DK14_1 - DECISION TREE 5                              N
DK15_1 - DECISION TREE 6                              N
DK16_1 - DECISION TREE 7                              N
DK17_1 - RANGE CARD                                   C
DK19_1 - LOW END                                      N
DK20_1 - HIGH END                                     N
DK21_1 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N
Q82A1 - B8. BALANCE STILL OWED                        N    X413
DK5_2 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N
DK8_2 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N
DK9_2 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N
DK10_2 - DECISION TREE 1                              N
DK11_2 - DECISION TREE 2                              N
DK12_2 - DECISION TREE 3                              N
DK13_2 - DECISION TREE 4                              N
DK14_2 - DECISION TREE 5                              N
DK15_2 - DECISION TREE 6                              N
DK16_2 - DECISION TREE 7                              N
DK17_2 - RANGE CARD                                   C
DK19_2 - LOW END                                      N
DK20_2 - HIGH END                                     N
DK21_2 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N
Q84A1 - B9. CREDIT LIMIT                              N    X414
DK5_3 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N
DK8_3 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N
DK9_3 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N
DK10_3 - DECISION TREE 1                              N
DK11_3 - DECISION TREE 2                              N
DK12_3 - DECISION TREE 3                              N
DK13_3 - DECISION TREE 4                              N
DK14_3 - DECISION TREE 5                              N
DK15_3 - DECISION TREE 6                              N
DK16_3 - DECISION TREE 7                              N
DK17_3 - RANGE CARD                                   C
DK19_3 - LOW END                                      N
DK20_3 - HIGH END                                     N
DK21_3 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N
Q86A1 - B9_1. INTEREST ON CARD W/HI BAL               N    X7132
Q88A1B1 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X415 
Q88A1B2 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X416 
Q88A1B3 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X417
Q88A1B4 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X418
Q88A1B5 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X7500
Q88A1B6 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X6648
Q88A1B7 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X6649
Q88A1B8 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X6720
Q88A1B9 - B10. INSTITUTION                            N    X7500D
Q88A1B10 - B10. INSTITUTION                           N    X7500E
Q88A1B11 - B10. INSTITUTION                           N    X7500F
Q88A1B12 - B10. INSTITUTION                           N    X7500G
Q88A1B13 - B10. INSTITUTION                           N    X7500H
Q88A1B14 - B10. INSTITUTION                           N    X7500I
Q78A2 - B6. HAVE ANY OTHER STORE CARDS?               N    X7974
Q79A2 - B6_1. # OF OTHER STORE CARDS                  N    X419
Q80A2 - B7. AMOUNT OF NEW CHARGES                     N    X420
DK5_4 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N
DK8_4 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N
DK9_4 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N
DK10_4 - DECISION TREE 1                              N
DK11_4 - DECISION TREE 2                              N
DK12_4 - DECISION TREE 3                              N
DK13_4 - DECISION TREE 4                              N
DK14_4 - DECISION TREE 5                              N
DK15_4 - DECISION TREE 6                              N
DK16_4 - DECISION TREE 7                              N
DK17_4 - RANGE CARD                                   C
DK19_4 - LOW END                                      N
DK20_4 - HIGH END                                     N
DK21_4 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N
Q82A2 - B8. BALANCE STILL OWED                        N    X421
DK5_5 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N
DK8_5 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N
DK9_5 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N
DK10_5 - DECISION TREE 1                              N
DK11_5 - DECISION TREE 2                              N
DK12_5 - DECISION TREE 3                              N
DK13_5 - DECISION TREE 4                              N
DK14_5 - DECISION TREE 5                              N
DK15_5 - DECISION TREE 6                              N
DK16_5 - DECISION TREE 7                              N
DK17_5 - RANGE CARD                                   C
DK19_5 - LOW END                                      N
DK20_5 - HIGH END                                     N
DK21_5 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N
Q84A2 - B9.CREDIT LIMIT                               N    NULL
DK5_6 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N    NULL
DK8_6 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N    NULL
DK9_6 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N    NULL
DK10_6 - DECISION TREE 1                              N    NULL
DK11_6 - DECISION TREE 2                              N    NULL
DK12_6 - DECISION TREE 3                              N    NULL
DK13_6 - DECISION TREE 4                              N    NULL
DK14_6 - DECISION TREE 5                              N    NULL
DK15_6 - DECISION TREE 6                              N    NULL
DK16_6 - DECISION TREE 7                              N    NULL
DK17_6 - RANGE CARD                                   C    NULL
DK19_6 - LOW END                                      N    NULL
DK20_6 - HIGH END                                     N    NULL
DK21_6 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N    NULL
Q86A2 - B9_1. INTEREST ON CARD W/HI BAL               N    NULL
Q88A2 - B10.INSTITUTION                               C    NULL
Q78A3 - B6. HAVE ANY GASOLINE CARDS?                  N    X7975
Q79A3 - B6_1. # OF GASOLINE CARDS                     N    X422
Q80A3 - B7. AMOUNT OF NEW CHARGES                     N    X423
DK5_7 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N
DK8_7 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N
DK9_7 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N
DK10_7 - DECISION TREE 1                              N
DK11_7 - DECISION TREE 2                              N
DK12_7 - DECISION TREE 3                              N
DK13_7 - DECISION TREE 4                              N
DK14_7 - DECISION TREE 5                              N
DK15_7 - DECISION TREE 6                              N
DK16_7 - DECISION TREE 7                              N
DK17_7 - RANGE CARD                                   C
DK19_7 - LOW END                                      N
DK20_7 - HIGH END                                     N
DK21_7 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N
Q82A3 - B8. BALANCE STILL OWED                        N    X424
DK5_8 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N
DK8_8 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N
DK9_8 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N
DK10_8 - DECISION TREE 1                              N
DK11_8 - DECISION TREE 2                              N
DK12_8 - DECISION TREE 3                              N
DK13_8 - DECISION TREE 4                              N
DK14_8 - DECISION TREE 5                              N
DK15_8 - DECISION TREE 6                              N
DK16_8 - DECISION TREE 7                              N
DK17_8 - RANGE CARD                                   C
DK19_8 - LOW END                                      N
DK20_8 - HIGH END                                     N
DK21_8 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N
Q84A3 - B9.CREDIT LIMIT                               N    NULL
DK5_9 - DECISION TREE TYPE                            N    NULL
DK8_9 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                              N    NULL
DK9_9 - RANGE FROM CARD?                              N    NULL
DK10_9 - DECISION TREE 1                              N    NULL
DK11_9 - DECISION TREE 2                              N    NULL
DK12_9 - DECISION TREE 3                              N    NULL
DK13_9 - DECISION TREE 4                              N    NULL
DK14_9 - DECISION TREE 5                              N    NULL
DK15_9 - DECISION TREE 6                              N    NULL
DK16_9 - DECISION TREE 7                              N    NULL
DK17_9 - RANGE CARD                                   C    NULL
DK19_9 - LOW END                                      N    NULL
DK20_9 - HIGH END                                     N    NULL
DK21_9 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                        N    NULL
Q86A3 - B9_1. INTEREST ON CARD W/HI BAL               N    NULL
Q88A3 - B10.INSTITUTION                               C    NULL
Q78A4 - B6. HAVE ANY AM EX/DINERS CARDS?              N    X7976
Q79A4 - B6_1. # OF AM EX/DINERS CARDS                 N    X425
Q80A4 - B7. AMOUNT OF NEW CHARGES                     N    X426
DK5_10 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_10 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_10 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_10 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_10 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_10 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_10 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_10 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_10 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_10 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_10 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_10 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_10 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_10 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q82A4 - B8. BALANCE STILL OWED                        N    X427
DK5_11 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_11 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_11 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_11 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_11 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_11 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_11 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_11 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_11 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_11 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_11 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_11 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_11 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_11 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q84A4 - B9.CREDIT LIMIT                               N    NULL
DK5_12 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N    NULL
DK8_12 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N    NULL
DK9_12 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N    NULL
DK10_12 - DECISION TREE 1                             N    NULL
DK11_12 - DECISION TREE 2                             N    NULL
DK12_12 - DECISION TREE 3                             N    NULL
DK13_12 - DECISION TREE 4                             N    NULL
DK14_12 - DECISION TREE 5                             N    NULL
DK15_12 - DECISION TREE 6                             N    NULL
DK16_12 - DECISION TREE 7                             N    NULL
DK17_12 - RANGE CARD                                  C    NULL
DK19_12 - LOW END                                     N    NULL
DK20_12 - HIGH END                                    N    NULL
DK21_12 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N    NULL
Q86A4 - B9_1. INTEREST ON CARD W/HI BAL               N    NULL
Q88A4 - B10.INSTITUTION                               C    NULL
Q78A5 - B6. HAVE AIRLINE/CAR RENT CARDS?              N    X7977
Q79A5 - B6_1.# OF AIRLINE/CAR RENT CARDS              N    X428
Q80A5 - B7. AMOUNT OF NEW CHARGES                     N    X429
DK5_13 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_13 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_13 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_13 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_13 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_13 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_13 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_13 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_13 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_13 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_13 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_13 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_13 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_13 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q82A5 - B8. BALANCE STILL OWED                        N    X430
DK5_14 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_14 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_14 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_14 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_14 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_14 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_14 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_14 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_14 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_14 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_14 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_14 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_14 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_14 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q84A5 - B9.CREDIT LIMIT                               N    NULL
DK5_15 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N    NULL
DK8_15 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N    NULL
DK9_15 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N    NULL
DK10_15 - DECISION TREE 1                             N    NULL
DK11_15 - DECISION TREE 2                             N    NULL
DK12_15 - DECISION TREE 3                             N    NULL
DK13_15 - DECISION TREE 4                             N    NULL
DK14_15 - DECISION TREE 5                             N    NULL
DK15_15 - DECISION TREE 6                             N    NULL
DK16_15 - DECISION TREE 7                             N    NULL
DK17_15 - RANGE CARD                                  C    NULL
DK19_15 - LOW END                                     N    NULL
DK20_15 - HIGH END                                    N    NULL
DK21_15 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N    NULL
Q86A5 - B9_1. INTEREST ON CARD W/HI BAL               N    NULL
Q88A5 - B10.INSTITUTION                               C    NULL
Q90 - B12. HOW OFTEN PAY TOTAL BALANCE?               N    X432
Q91 - B13. ANY OTHER CHARGE ACCOUNTS?                 N    X7577
Q92 - B14. HOW MANY ACCOUNTS W/BALANCE?               N    X7576
Q93 - B15. BALANCE STILL OWED                         N    X7575
DK5_16 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_16 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_16 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_16 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_16 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_16 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_16 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_16 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_16 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_16 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_16 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_16 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_16 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_16 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q95 - D1. R LIVE FARM/RANCH, MOBILE, OTH              N    X501
Q97 - D2. HOW MANY ACRES?                             N    X502
Q98 - D3. FARMING OR RANCHING BUSINESS?               N    X503
Q99 - D3_1. RENT OUT FARM/RANCH PROPERTY              N    X504
Q100 - D3_2. AMOUNT OF RENT COLLECTED                 N    X505
DK5_17 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_17 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_17 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_17 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_17 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_17 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_17 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_17 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_17 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_17 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_17 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_17 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_17 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_17 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q102 - D3_2F. FREQ OF RENT COLLECTED                  N    X506
Q104 - D4. WHAT PART USED TO FARM/RANCH?              N    X507A
Q105 - D4PCT. PERCENTAGE                              N    X507
Q106 - D4ACRES. # OF ACRES                            N    X7574
Q107 - D5. LEGAL OWN STATUS OF FARM/RAN               N    X508
Q109 - D5_1. FARM/RAN BUS PAY RENT TO R?              N    X509
Q110 - D5_2. AMT RENT PAID BY BUS TO R                N    X510
DK5_18 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_18 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_18 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_18 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_18 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_18 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_18 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_18 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_18 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_18 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_18 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_18 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_18 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_18 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q112 - D5_2F. FREQ RENT PAID BY BUS TO R              N    X511
Q114 - D5_3. VALUE OF LAND AND BUILDINGS              N    X513
DK5_19 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_19 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_19 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_19 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_19 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_19 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_19 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_19 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_19 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_19 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_19 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_19 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_19 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_19 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q116 - D5_4. R PAY BUS RENT ON FARM/RAN?              N    X514
Q117 - D5_5M. MONTH MOVED INTO FARM/RAN               N    X515
Q118 - D5_5Y. YEAR MOVED INTO FARM/RANCH              N    X516
Q119 - D6. FARM/RAN BUS PAY RENT TO R?                N    X517
Q120 - D6_1. AMT RENT BUSINESS PAYS TO R              N    X518
DK5_20 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_20 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_20 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_20 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_20 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_20 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_20 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_20 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_20 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_20 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_20 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_20 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_20 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_20 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q122 - D6_1F. FREQ RENT PAID BY BUS TO R              N    X519
Q124 - D7. DO YOU PAY RENT FOR PROPERTY?              N    X520
Q125 - D7_1. AMOUNT OF RENT PAID BY R                 N    X521
DK5_21 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_21 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_21 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_21 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_21 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_21 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_21 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_21 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_21 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_21 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_21 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_21 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_21 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_21 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q127 - D7_1F. FREQ OF RENT PAID BY R                  N    X522
Q129 - D8.PERCENT OF FARM/RAN PROP OWNED              N    X523A
Q130 - D8PCT.PERCENT OWNED                            N    X523
Q131 - D8ACRES.ACRES OWNED                            N    X7573
Q132 - D10.VALUE OF FARM/RAN LAND OWNED               N    X526
DK5_22 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_22 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_22 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_22 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_22 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_22 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_22 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_22 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_22 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_22 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_22 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_22 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_22 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_22 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q134 - D11.MOBILE HOME-OWN OR RENT?                   N    X601
Q135 - D11_1.AMT RENT MOB HOME -OWN SITE              N    X602
DK5_23 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_23 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_23 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_23 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_23 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_23 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_23 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_23 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_23 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_23 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_23 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_23 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_23 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_23 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q137 - D11_1FV. FREQ RENT ON MOBILE HOME              N    X603
Q139 - D11_2. CURRENT VALUE OF SITE                   N    X604
DK5_24 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_24 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_24 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_24 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_24 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_24 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_24 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_24 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_24 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_24 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_24 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_24 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_24 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_24 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q141 - D11_3.GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE?              N    X608
Q142 - D11_3M. MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED               N    X605
Q143 - D11_3Y. YEAR PURCHASE/RECEIVED                 N    X606
Q144 - D11_4. COST OF SITE                            N    X607
DK5_25 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_25 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_25 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_25 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_25 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_25 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_25 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_25 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_25 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_25 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_25 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_25 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_25 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_25 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q147 - D11_6M.MONTH MOVED TO MOBILE HOME              N    X610
Q148 - D11_6Y.YEAR MOVED TO MOBILE HOME               N    X611
Q149 - D12. AMT RENT ON SITE -OWN HOME                N    X612
DK5_26 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_26 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_26 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_26 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_26 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_26 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_26 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_26 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_26 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_26 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_26 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_26 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_26 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_26 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q151 - D12F. FREQ RENT ON SITE -OWN HOME              N    X613
Q153 - D12_1.CURRENT VAL OF MOBILE HOME               N    X614
DK5_27 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_27 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_27 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_27 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_27 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_27 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_27 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_27 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_27 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_27 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_27 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_27 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_27 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_27 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q155 - D12_2GFT.GIFT/INH OR R PURCHASE?               N    X618
Q156 - D12_2M. MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED               N    X615
Q157 - D12_2Y. YEAR PURCHASE/RECEIVED                 N    X616
Q158 - D12_3. COST OF MOBILE HOME?                    N    X617
DK5_28 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_28 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_28 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_28 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_28 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_28 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_28 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_28 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_28 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_28 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_28 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_28 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_28 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_28 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q160 - D13. AMT RENT BOTH HOME AND SITE?              N    X619
DK5_29 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_29 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_29 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_29 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_29 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_29 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_29 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_29 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_29 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_29 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_29 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_29 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_29 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_29 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q162 - D13F.FREQ RENT BOTH HOME AND SITE              N    X620
Q164 - D13_1M.MONTH MOVED TO MOBILE HOME              N    X621
Q165 - D13_1Y.YEAR MOVED TO MOBILE HOME               N    X622
Q166 - D14.CURRENT VALUE -OWN BOTH                    N    X623
DK5_30 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_30 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_30 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_30 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_30 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_30 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_30 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_30 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_30 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_30 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_30 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_30 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_30 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_30 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q168 - D15.SITE AND HOME BGT SEPARATELY?              N    X624
Q169 - D15_1.GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE?              N    X628
Q170 - D15_1M. MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED               N    X625
Q171 - D15_1Y. YEAR PURCHASED/RECEIVED                N    X626
Q172 - D15_2. COST OF MOBILE HOME                     N    X627
DK5_31 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_31 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_31 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_31 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_31 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_31 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_31 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_31 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_31 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_31 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_31 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_31 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_31 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_31 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q174 - D15_3.GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE?              N    X632
Q175 - D15_3M. MONTH PURCHASE/RECEIVED                N    X629
Q176 - D15_3Y. YEAR PURCHASED/RECEIVED                N    X630
Q177 - D15_4. COST OF SITE                            N    X631
DK5_32 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_32 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_32 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_32 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_32 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_32 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_32 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_32 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_32 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_32 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_32 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_32 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_32 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_32 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q179 - D15_5.GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE?              N    X636
Q180 - D15_5M. MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED               N    X633
Q181 - D15_5Y. YEAR PURCHASED/RECEIVED                N    X634
Q182 - D15_6. COST OF HOME AND SITE                   N    X635
DK5_33 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_33 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_33 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_33 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_33 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_33 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_33 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_33 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_33 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_33 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_33 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_33 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_33 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_33 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q184 - D16.OWN, RENT, CONDO ASSOCIATION?              N    X701
Q185 - D16_05. DO YOU OWN ANY PART?                   N    X7133
Q186 - D16_055. WHAT PERCENT DO YOU OWN?              N    X7134
Q187 - D16_1. REQUIRED TO PAY FEES?                   N    X7572
Q188 - D16_2. HOW MUCH ARE FEES?                      N    X703
DK5_34 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_34 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_34 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_34 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_34 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_34 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_34 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_34 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_34 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_34 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_34 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_34 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_34 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_34 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q190 - D16_2F. FREQUENCY OF FEE PAYMENT               N    X704
Q192 - D16_3.R LIVE IN MUTIPLE HU STRUCT              N    X702
Q194 - D16_5M. MONTH MOVED INTO HOME                  N    X706
Q195 - D16_5Y. YEAR MOVED INTO HOME                   N    X707
Q196 - D17. AMOUNT OF RENT                            N    X708
DK5_35 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_35 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_35 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_35 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_35 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_35 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_35 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_35 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_35 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_35 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_35 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_35 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_35 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_35 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q198 - D17F. FREQUENCY OF RENT                        N    X709
Q200 - D17_1.INCLUDE ALL/SOME UTILITIES?              N    X710
Q201 - D17_2. FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED?               N    X711
Q202 - D17_3M. MONTH MOVED IN                         N    X712
Q203 - D17_3Y. YEAR MOVED IN                          N    X713
Q204 - D18. OWN ENTIRE BUILDING OR UNIT?              N    X714
Q205 - D18_1.HOW MANY UNITS IN BUILDING?              N    X715
Q206 - D18_2.OWN UNIT SEP FROM REMAIN BG              N    X7135
Q207 - D19. CURRENT VALUE OF HOME/PROP                N    X716
DK5_36 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_36 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_36 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_36 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_36 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_36 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_36 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_36 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_36 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_36 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_36 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_36 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_36 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_36 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q209 - D20GFT.GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE              N    X718
Q210 - D20M. MONTH PURCHASED/RECEIVED                 N    X719
Q211 - D20Y. YEAR PURCHASED/RECEIVED                  N    X720
Q212 - D21. COST OF HOME/LAND                         N    X717
DK5_37 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_37 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_37 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_37 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_37 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_37 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_37 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_37 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_37 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_37 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_37 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_37 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_37 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_37 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q773 - D21_1. CHANCES OF LIVING HERE                  N    X7136
Q214 - D22. AMOUNT OF REAL ESTATE TAXES               N    X721
DK5_38 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_38 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_38 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_38 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_38 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_38 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_38 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_38 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_38 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_38 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_38 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_38 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_38 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_38 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q216 - D22F. FREQ OF REAL ESTATE TAXES                N    X722
Q218 - D23. MORTGAGE OR LAND CONTRACT?                N    X723
Q219 - D24.FEDERALLY GUARANTEED MORTGAGE              N    X724
Q220 - D24_1.PRIVATE MORTGAGE INSURANCE?              N    X725
Q221 - D25. FHA, VA, OR OTHER PROGRAM?                N    X726
Q225A1 - D27M. MONTH MORTGAGE OBTAINED                N    X801
Q226A1 - D27Y. YEAR MORTGAGE OBTAINED                 N    X802
Q227A1 - D27_1. ASSUMED FROM PREV OWNER?              N    X803
Q228A1 - D27_2. REFINANCE OR ROLLOVER                 N    X7137
Q230A1 - D28. AMT BORROWED OR REFINANCED              N    X804
DK5_39 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_39 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_39 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_39 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_39 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_39 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_39 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_39 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_39 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_39 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_39 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_39 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_39 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_39 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q232A1 - D29. AMOUNT STILL OWED                       N    X805
DK5_40 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_40 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_40 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_40 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_40 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_40 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_40 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_40 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_40 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_40 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_40 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_40 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_40 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_40 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q234A1 - D30. YEARS, PAYMENTS, NO SET #               N    X806A
Q235A1 - D30YS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X806
Q236A1 - D30PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X807
Q237A1 - D31.AMT OF REGULAR MORTGAGE PMT              N    X808
DK5_41 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_41 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_41 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_41 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_41 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_41 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_41 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_41 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_41 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_41 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_41 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_41 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_41 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_41 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q239A1 - D31F. FREQ REGULAR MORTGAGE PMT              N    X809
Q241A1 - D31_1.AMT TYPICAL MORTGAGE PMT               N    X813
DK5_42 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_42 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_42 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_42 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_42 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_42 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_42 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_42 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_42 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_42 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_42 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_42 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_42 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_42 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q243A1 - D31_1F. FREQ TYPICAL MORT PMT                N    X814
Q245A1 - D32.PAYMENT INCLUDE TAX/INSURE?              N    X810
Q246A1 - D33. BE A BALLOON PAYMENT?                   N    X811
Q247A1 - D33_1. AMT OF BALLOON PAYMENT                N    X812
DK5_43 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_43 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_43 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_43 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_43 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_43 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_43 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_43 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_43 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_43 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_43 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_43 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_43 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_43 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q249A1 - D34.AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHED?              N    X7571
Q250A1 - D34_1.YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN              N    X815
Q251A1 - D35. ANNUAL INT RATE ON LOAN                 N    X816
Q252A1 - D36.INSTITUTION                              N    X817
Q255A1 - D36_1.SAME INSTIT AS ORIG LOAN?              N    X7568
Q256A1 - D37.LOAN USED TO PURCHASE HOME?              N    NULL
Q258A1 - D38. REASON CHOSE LENDER                     N    X819
Q260A1 - D39. ADJUSTABLE RATE LOAN?                   N    X820
Q261A1 - D39_1.RATE DEPEND ON OTH RATES?              N    X821
Q263A1 - D39_3.NUM TIMES RATE CAN CHANGE              N    X823
Q264A1 - D39_3F.FREQ RATE CHANGE POSSIB               N    X824
Q267A1 - D39_4.SIZE PMTS CHANGE W/RATE?               N    X825
Q268A1 - D39_5.MAX RATE CAN RISE AT ONCE              N    X826
Q269A1 - D39_6. ORIGINAL INTEREST RATE                N    X828
Q270A1 - D39_7. MAX RATE CAN BE CHARGED               N    X827
Q271A1 - D39_8. CONVERTIBLE MORTGAGE?                 N    X829
Q272A1 - D40.SECOND MORT/LAND CONTRACT?               N    X830
Q273A1 - D40_1.OTHERS W/PROP AS COLLAT?               N    X931
Q225A2 - D27M. MONTH MORTGAGE OBTAINED                N    X901
Q226A2 - D27Y. YEAR MORTGAGE OBTAINED                 N    X902
Q227A2 - D27_1. ASSUMED FROM PREV OWNER?              N    X903
Q228A2 - D27_2. REFINANCE OR ROLLOVER                 N    NULL
Q230A2 - D28. AMOUNT BORROWED/REFINANCED              N    X904
DK5_44 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_44 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_44 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_44 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_44 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_44 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_44 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_44 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_44 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_44 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_44 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_44 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_44 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_44 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q232A2 - D29. AMT STILL OWED ON MORTGAGE              N    X905
DK5_45 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_45 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_45 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_45 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_45 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_45 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_45 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_45 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_45 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_45 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_45 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_45 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_45 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_45 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q234A2 - D30. YEARS, PAYMENTS, NO SET #               N    X906A
Q235A2 - D30YS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X906
Q236A2 - D30PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X907
Q237A2 - D31. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X908
DK5_46 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_46 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_46 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_46 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_46 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_46 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_46 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_46 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_46 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_46 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_46 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_46 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_46 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_46 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q239A2 - D31F. FREQ REGULAR MORTGAGE PMT              N    X909
Q241A2 - D31_1. AMT TYPICAL MORTGAGE PMT              N    X913
DK5_47 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_47 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_47 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_47 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_47 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_47 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_47 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_47 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_47 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_47 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_47 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_47 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_47 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_47 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q243A2 - D31_1F. FREQ TYPICAL MORT PMT                N    X914
Q245A2 - D32. PMT INCLUDE TAXES/INSURE?               N    NULL
Q246A2 - D33.  BE A BALLOON PAYMENT?                  N    X911
Q247A2 - D33_1. AMT OF BALLOON PAYMENT                N    X912
DK5_48 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_48 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_48 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_48 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_48 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_48 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_48 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_48 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_48 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_48 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_48 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_48 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_48 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_48 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q249A2 - D34.AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHED?              N    X7570
Q250A2 - D34_1.YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN              N    X915
Q251A2 - D35. ANNUAL INT RATE ON LOAN                 N    X916
Q252A2 - D36. INSTITUTION                             N    X917
Q255A2 - D36_1.SAME INSTIT AS ORIG LOAN?              N    NULL
Q256A2 - D37.LOAN USED TO PURCHASE HOME?              N    X918
Q258A2 - D38.REASON CHOSE LENDER                      N    NULL
Q260A2 - D39. ADJUSTABLE RATE LOAN?                   N    X920
Q261A2 - D39_1.RATE CHANGE DEPEND ON OTH              N    NULL
Q263A2 - D39_3.HOW OFTEN CAN RATE CHANGE              N    NULL
Q264A2 - D39_3F.FREQUENCY OF RATE CHANGE              N    NULL
Q267A2 - D39_4.SIZE OF PAYMENTS CHANGE                N    NULL
Q268A2 - D39_5.MOST RATE CAN RISE AT ONE              C    NULL
Q269A2 - D39_6.ORIGINAL INTEREST RATE                 N    NULL
Q270A2 - D39_7.HIGHEST RATE CAN GO UP                 N    NULL
Q271A2 - D39_8.CONVERTIBLE MORTGAGE?                  N    NULL
Q272A2 - D40.SECOND MORTGAGE/LAND CONTRA              N    NULL
Q273A2 - D40_1. OTHERS W/PROP AS COLLAT?              N    X931A
Q225A3 - D27M. MONTH MORTGAGE OBTAINED                N    X1001
Q226A3 - D27Y. YEAR MORTGAGE OBTAINED                 N    X1002
Q227A3 - D27_1. ASSUMED FROM PREV OWNER?              N    NULL
Q228A3 - D27_2. REFINANCE OR ROLLOVER                 N    NULL
Q230A3 - D28. AMT BORROWED OR REFINANCED              N    X1004
DK5_49 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_49 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_49 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_49 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_49 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_49 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_49 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_49 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_49 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_49 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_49 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_49 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_49 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_49 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q232A3 - D29. AMOUNT STILL OWED                       N    X1005
DK5_50 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_50 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_50 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_50 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_50 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_50 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_50 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_50 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_50 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_50 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_50 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_50 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_50 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_50 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q234A3 - D30. YEARS, PAYMENTS, NO SET #               N    X1006A
Q235A3 - D30YS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X1006
Q236A3 - D30PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X1007
Q237A3 - D31. AMT REGULAR MORTGAGE PMT                N    X1008
DK5_51 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_51 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_51 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_51 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_51 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_51 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_51 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_51 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_51 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_51 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_51 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_51 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_51 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_51 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q239A3 - D31F. FREQ REGULAR MORTGAGE PMT              N    X1009
Q241A3 - D31_1. AMT TYPICAL MORTGAGE PMT              N    X1013
DK5_52 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_52 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_52 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_52 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_52 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_52 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_52 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_52 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_52 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_52 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_52 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_52 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_52 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_52 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q243A3 - D31_1F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENT                 N    X1014
Q245A3 - D32. PMT INCLUDE TAXES/INSURE?               N    NULL
Q246A3 - D33. BE A BALLOON PAYMENT?                   N    X1011
Q247A3 - D33_1.AMOUNT OF BALLOON PAYMENT              N    X1012
DK5_53 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_53 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_53 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_53 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_53 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_53 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_53 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_53 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_53 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_53 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_53 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_53 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_53 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_53 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q249A3 - D34.AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHED?              N    X7569
Q250A3 - D34_1.YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN              N    X1015
Q251A3 - D35. ANNUAL INT RATE ON LOAN                 N    X1016
Q252A3 - D36. INSTITUTION                             N    X1017
Q255A3 - D36_1.SAME INSTIT AS ORIG LOAN?              N    NULL
Q256A3 - D37.LOAN USED TO PURCHASE HOME?              N    X1018
Q258A3 - D38.REASON CHOSE LENDER                      N    NULL
Q260A3 - D39. ADJUSTABLE RATE LOAN?                   N    X1020
Q261A3 - D39_1.RATE CHANGE DEPEND ON OTH              N    NULL
Q263A3 - D39_3.HOW OFTEN CAN RATE CHANGE              N    NULL
Q264A3 - D39_3F.FREQUENCY OF RATE CHANGE              N    NULL
Q267A3 - D39_4.SIZE OF PAYMENTS CHANGE W              N    NULL
Q268A3 - D39_5.MOST RATE CAN RISE AT ONE              C    NULL
Q269A3 - D39_6.ORIGINAL INTEREST RATE                 N    NULL
Q270A3 - D39_7.HIGHEST RATE CAN GO UP                 N    NULL
Q271A3 - D39_8.CONVERTIBLE MORTGAGE?                  N    NULL
Q272A3 - D40.SECOND MORTGAGE/LAND CONTRA              N    NULL
Q273A3 - D40_1.OTHER LOANS W/PROPERTY AS              N    NULL
Q274 - D41. OWE ON OTHER LOANS FOR PROP?              N    X1032
Q275 - D42M. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X1033
Q276 - D42Y. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X1034
Q277 - D43. AMOUNT BORROWED                           N    X1035
DK5_54 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_54 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_54 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_54 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_54 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_54 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_54 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_54 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_54 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_54 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_54 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_54 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_54 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_54 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q279 - D44. REGULAR INSTALLMENT LOAN?                 N    X1036
Q280 - D45. YEARS OR PAYMENTS                         N    X1037A
Q281 - D45YS. NUMBER OF YEARS                         N    X1038
Q282 - D45PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                     N    X1037
Q284 - D46. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT                 N    X1039
DK5_55 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_55 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_55 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_55 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_55 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_55 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_55 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_55 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_55 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_55 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_55 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_55 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_55 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_55 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q286 - D46F.FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PAYMENT              N    X7567
Q288 - D47. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                 N    X1040
DK5_56 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_56 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_56 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_56 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_56 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_56 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_56 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_56 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_56 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_56 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_56 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_56 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_56 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_56 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q290 - D47F.FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PAYMENT              N    X1041
Q292 - D47_1.AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHED?              N    X7566
Q293 - D48M. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN               N    X1042
Q294 - D48Y. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN                N    X1043
Q295 - D49. AMOUNT STILL OWED                         N    X1044
DK5_57 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_57 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_57 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_57 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_57 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_57 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_57 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_57 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_57 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_57 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_57 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_57 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_57 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_57 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q297 - D50. ANNUAL INTEREST RATE                      N    X1045
Q298 - D51. INSTITUTION                               N    X1046
Q789 - D51_1. CHANCES STILL LIVING HERE               N    X7140
Q301 - D52. HAVE ANY LINES OF CREDIT?                 N    X1101
Q302 - D53.# OF LINES OF CREDIT                       N    X6686
Q304A1 - D53_1.SECURED BY HOME EQUITY?                N    X1103
Q305A1 - D53_2.BORROWING AGAINST LINE?                N    X1105
Q306A1 - D53_3.AMT BORROWED AGAINST LINE              N    X7141
DK5_58 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_58 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_58 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_58 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_58 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_58 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_58 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_58 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_58 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_58 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_58 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_58 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_58 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_58 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q309A1 - D53_5. AMT OWED ON LINE OF CRED              N    X1108
DK5_59 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_59 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_59 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_59 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_59 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_59 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_59 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_59 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_59 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_59 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_59 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_59 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_59 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_59 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q311A1 - D53_6.AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT              N    X1109
DK5_60 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_60 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_60 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_60 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_60 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_60 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_60 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_60 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_60 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_60 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_60 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_60 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_60 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_60 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q313A1 - D53_6F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT              N    X1110
Q315A1 - D53_7. ANNUAL INTEREST RATE                  N    X1111
Q316A1 - D53_8. INSTITITUTION                         N    X1112
Q319A1 - D53_9.MAXIMUM AMOUNT CAN BORROW              N    X1104
DK5_61 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_61 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_61 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_61 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_61 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_61 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_61 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_61 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_61 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_61 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_61 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_61 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_61 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_61 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q321A1 - D53_10. ANOTHER LINE OF CREDIT?              N    X1113
Q304A2 - D53_1. SECURED BY HOME EQUITY?               N    X1114
Q305A2 - D53_2. BORROWING AGAINST LINE?               N    X1116
Q306A2 - D53_3.AMT BORROWED AGAINST LINE              N    X7142
DK5_62 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_62 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_62 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_62 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_62 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_62 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_62 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_62 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_62 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_62 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_62 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_62 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_62 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_62 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q309A2 - D53_5. AMOUNT OWED AGAINST LINE              N    X1119
DK5_63 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_63 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_63 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_63 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_63 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_63 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_63 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_63 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_63 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_63 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_63 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_63 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_63 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_63 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q311A2 - D53_6.AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT              N    X1120
DK5_64 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_64 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_64 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_64 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_64 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_64 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_64 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_64 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_64 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_64 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_64 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_64 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_64 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_64 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q313A2 - D53_6F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT              N    X1121
Q315A2 - D53_7. ANNUAL INTEREST RATE                  N    X1122
Q316A2 - D53_8. INSTITITUTION                         N    X1123
Q319A2 - D53_9.MAXIMUM AMOUNT CAN BORROW              N    X1115
DK5_65 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_65 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_65 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_65 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_65 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_65 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_65 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_65 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_65 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_65 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_65 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_65 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_65 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_65 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q321A2 - D53_10. ANOTHER LINE OF CREDIT?              N    X1124
Q304A3 - D53_1. SECURED BY HOME EQUITY?               N    X1125
Q305A3 - D53_2. BORROWING AGAINST LINE?               N    X1127
Q306A3 - D53_3.AMT BORROWED AGAINST LINE              N    X7143
DK5_66 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_66 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_66 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_66 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_66 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_66 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_66 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_66 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_66 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_66 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_66 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_66 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_66 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_66 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q309A3 - D53_5.AMOUNT OWED AGAINST LINE               N    X1130
DK5_67 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_67 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_67 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_67 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_67 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_67 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_67 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_67 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_67 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_67 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_67 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_67 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_67 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_67 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q311A3 - D53_6.AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT              N    X1131
DK5_68 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_68 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_68 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_68 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_68 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_68 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_68 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_68 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_68 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_68 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_68 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_68 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_68 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_68 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q313A3 - D53_6F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT              N    X1132
Q315A3 - D53_7. ANNUAL INTEREST RATE                  N    X1133
Q316A3 - D53_8. INSTITITUTION                         N    X1134
Q319A3 - D53_9.MAXIMUM AMOUNT CAN BORROW              N    X1126
DK5_69 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_69 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_69 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_69 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_69 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_69 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_69 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_69 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_69 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_69 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_69 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_69 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_69 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_69 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q321A3 - D53_10. ANOTHER LINE OF CREDIT?              N    X1135
Q322 - D53_11. AMT OWED ON REMAIN LINES               N    X1136
DK5_70 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_70 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_70 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_70 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_70 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_70 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_70 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_70 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_70 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_70 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_70 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_70 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_70 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_70 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q324 - D54. MADE ADDITIONS/REMODELED?                 N    X1201
Q325 - D54_1. COST OF ADDITIONS/REMODEL               N    X1202
DK5_71 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_71 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_71 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_71 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_71 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_71 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_71 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_71 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_71 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_71 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_71 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_71 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_71 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_71 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q327 - D54_2. ANY OTHER REMODELING LOANS              N    X1203
Q328 - D55M. MONTH REMODELING LOAN TAKEN              N    X1204
Q329 - D55Y. YEAR REMODELING LOAN TAKEN               N    X1205
Q330 - D56. AMOUNT BORROWED                           N    X1206
DK5_72 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_72 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_72 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_72 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_72 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_72 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_72 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_72 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_72 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_72 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_72 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_72 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_72 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_72 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q332 - D57. REGULAR INSTALLMENT LOAN?                 N    X1207
Q333 - D58. YEARS OR PAYMENTS?                        N    X1208A
Q334 - D58YS. NUMBER OF YEARS                         N    X1209
Q335 - D58PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                     N    X1208
Q337 - D59. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT                 N    X1210
DK5_73 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_73 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_73 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_73 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_73 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_73 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_73 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_73 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_73 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_73 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_73 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_73 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_73 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_73 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q339 - D59F.FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PAYMENT              N    X7565
Q341 - D60. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                 N    X1211
DK5_74 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_74 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_74 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_74 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_74 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_74 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_74 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_74 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_74 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_74 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_74 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_74 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_74 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_74 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q343 - D60F.FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PAYMENT              N    X1212
Q345 - D60_1.AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHED?              N    X7564
Q346 - D61M. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN               N    X1213
Q347 - D61Y. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY LOAN                N    X1214
Q348 - D62. AMOUNT STILL OWED                         N    X1215
DK5_75 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_75 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_75 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_75 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_75 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_75 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_75 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_75 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_75 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_75 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_75 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_75 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_75 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_75 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q350 - D63.CURRENT INTEREST RATE CHARGED              N    X1216
Q351 - D64. INSTITUTION                               N    X1217
Q354 - D65.OWE ON MORE IMPROVEMENT LOANS              N    X1218
Q355 - D65_1. AMOUNT OWED ON OTHER LOANS              N    X1219
DK5_76 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_76 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_76 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_76 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_76 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_76 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_76 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_76 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_76 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_76 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_76 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_76 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_76 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_76 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q357 - D65_2. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X1220
DK5_77 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_77 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_77 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_77 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_77 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_77 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_77 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_77 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_77 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_77 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_77 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_77 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_77 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_77 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q359 - D65_2F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X1221
Q361 - D66. R LIVE ON FARM OR RANCH?                  N    X1222
Q362 - D67.RENT ANY PORTION OF HOUSE/LOT              N    X1223
Q363 - D67_1.AMOUNT OF RENT COLLECTED                 N    X1224
DK5_78 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_78 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_78 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_78 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_78 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_78 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_78 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_78 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_78 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_78 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_78 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_78 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_78 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_78 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q365 - D67_1F. FREQ OF RENT COLLECTED                 N    X1225
Q367 - E1. EVER SOLD RE AND LOANED MONEY              N    X1401
Q368 - E2. BUYER STILL OWE TO R?                      N    X1402
Q369 - E2_1. HOW MANY LOANS OWED TO R?                N    X6687
Q371A1 - E3. LAND/MORTGAGE/ELSE                       N    X1404
Q374A1 - E4. HOW MUCH OWED TO R                       N    X1405
DK5_79 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_79 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_79 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_79 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_79 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_79 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_79 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_79 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_79 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_79 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_79 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_79 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_79 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_79 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q376A1 - E5M. MONTH R LOANED TO BUYER                 N    X1406
Q377A1 - E5Y. YEAR R LOANED TO BUYER                  N    X1407
Q378A1 - E6. HOW MUCH LEND                            N    X1408
DK5_80 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_80 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_80 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_80 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_80 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_80 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_80 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_80 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_80 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_80 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_80 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_80 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_80 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_80 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q380A1 - E7. HOW MUCH BUYER STILL OWE R?              N    X1409
DK5_81 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_81 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_81 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_81 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_81 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_81 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_81 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_81 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_81 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_81 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_81 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_81 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_81 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_81 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q382A1 - E8. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS TO R                  N    X1410
DK5_82 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_82 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_82 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_82 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_82 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_82 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_82 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_82 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_82 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_82 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_82 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_82 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_82 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_82 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q384A1 - E8F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS TO R              N    X1411
Q386A1 - E9. YEARS OR PAYMENTS                        N    X1412A
Q387A1 - E9YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X1412
Q388A1 - E9PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X1413
Q389A1 - E10. PAY OFF OR BALLOON                      N    X1414
Q390A1 - E10_1. BALLOON BALANCE                       N    X1415
DK5_83 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_83 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_83 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_83 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_83 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_83 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_83 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_83 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_83 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_83 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_83 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_83 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_83 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_83 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q392A1 - E11. R STILL OWE MONEY ON PROP?              N    X1416
Q393A1 - E11_1. AMOUNT R STILL OWES                   N    X1417
DK5_84 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_84 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_84 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_84 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_84 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_84 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_84 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_84 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_84 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_84 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_84 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_84 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_84 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_84 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q395A1 - E12. ANOTHER LOAN/LAND CONTRACT              N    X1418
Q371A2 - E3. LAND/MORTGAGE/ELSE                       N    X1504
Q374A2 - E4. HOW MUCH OWED TO R                       N    X1505
DK5_85 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_85 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_85 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_85 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_85 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_85 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_85 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_85 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_85 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_85 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_85 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_85 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_85 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_85 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q376A2 - E5M. MONTH R LOANED TO BUYER                 N    X1506
Q377A2 - E5Y. YEAR R LOANED TO BUYER                  N    X1507
Q378A2 - E6. HOW MUCH LEND                            N    X1508
DK5_86 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_86 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_86 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_86 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_86 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_86 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_86 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_86 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_86 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_86 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_86 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_86 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_86 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_86 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q380A2 - E7. HOW MUCH BUYER STILL OWE R?              N    X1509
DK5_87 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_87 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_87 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_87 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_87 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_87 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_87 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_87 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_87 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_87 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_87 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_87 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_87 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_87 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q382A2 - E8. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS TO R                  N    X1510
DK5_88 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_88 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_88 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_88 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_88 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_88 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_88 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_88 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_88 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_88 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_88 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_88 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_88 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_88 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q384A2 - E8F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS TO R              N    X1511
Q386A2 - E9. YEARS OR PAYMENTS                        N    X1512A
Q387A2 - E9YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X1512
Q388A2 - E9PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X1513
Q389A2 - E10. PAY OFF OR BALLOON                      N    X1514
Q390A2 - E10_1. BALLOON BALANCE                       N    X1515
DK5_89 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_89 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_89 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_89 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_89 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_89 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_89 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_89 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_89 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_89 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_89 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_89 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_89 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_89 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q392A2 - E11. R STILL OWE MONEY ON PROP?              N    X1516
Q393A2 - E11_1. AMOUNT R STILL OWES                   N    X1517
DK5_90 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_90 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_90 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_90 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_90 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_90 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_90 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_90 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_90 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_90 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_90 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_90 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_90 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_90 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q395A2 - E12. ANOTHER LOAN/LAND CONTRACT              N    X1518
Q371A3 - E3. LAND/MORTGAGE/ELSE                       N    X1604
Q374A3 - E4. HOW MUCH OWED TO R                       N    X1605
DK5_91 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_91 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_91 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_91 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_91 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_91 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_91 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_91 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_91 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_91 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_91 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_91 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_91 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_91 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q376A3 - E5M. MONTH R LOANED TO BUYER                 N    X1606
Q377A3 - E5Y. YEAR R LOANED TO BUYER                  N    X1607
Q378A3 - E6. HOW MUCH LEND                            N    X1608
DK5_92 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_92 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_92 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_92 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_92 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_92 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_92 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_92 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_92 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_92 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_92 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_92 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_92 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_92 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q380A3 - E7. HOW MUCH BUYER STILL OWE R?              N    X1609
DK5_93 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_93 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_93 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_93 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_93 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_93 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_93 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_93 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_93 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_93 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_93 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_93 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_93 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_93 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q382A3 - E8. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS TO R                  N    X1610
DK5_94 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_94 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_94 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_94 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_94 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_94 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_94 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_94 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_94 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_94 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_94 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_94 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_94 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_94 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q384A3 - E8F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS TO R              N    X1611
Q386A3 - E9. YEARS OR PAYMENTS                        N    X1612A
Q387A3 - E9YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X1612
Q388A3 - E9PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X1613
Q389A3 - E10. PAY OFF OR BALLOON                      N    X1614
Q390A3 - E10_1. BALLOON BALANCE                       N    X1615
DK5_95 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_95 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_95 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_95 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_95 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_95 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_95 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_95 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_95 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_95 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_95 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_95 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_95 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_95 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q392A3 - E11. R STILL OWE MONEY ON PROP?              N    X1616
Q393A3 - E11_1. AMOUNT R STILL OWES                   N    X1617
DK5_96 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_96 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_96 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_96 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_96 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_96 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_96 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_96 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_96 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_96 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_96 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_96 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_96 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_96 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q395A3 - E12. ANY OTHER LOANS BY R?                   N    X1618
Q396 - E13. AMOUNT OWED TO R ON OTHERS                N    X1619
DK5_97 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_97 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_97 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_97 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_97 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_97 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_97 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_97 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_97 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_97 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_97 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_97 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_97 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_97 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q398 - E13_1. R STILL OWE ANOTHER LOAN?               N    X1620
Q399 - E13_2. AMOUNT R OWES ON REMAINING              N    X1621
DK5_98 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_98 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_98 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_98 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_98 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_98 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_98 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_98 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_98 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_98 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_98 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_98 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_98 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_98 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q401 - E14. OWN OTHER REAL ESTATE?                    N    X1700
Q402 - E14_1. OWNED BY BUSINESS?                      N    X7555
Q403 - E15. PROPERTIES W/INTEREST IN                  N    X6688
Q406A1 - E17. OWNED BY R, JOINT, PARTNER              N    X1704
Q408A1 - E17_1. PERCENTAGE OWNED                      N    X1705
Q409A1 - E18. WORTH IF SOLD TODAY                     N    X1706
DK5_99 - DECISION TREE TYPE                           N
DK8_99 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                             N
DK9_99 - RANGE FROM CARD?                             N
DK10_99 - DECISION TREE 1                             N
DK11_99 - DECISION TREE 2                             N
DK12_99 - DECISION TREE 3                             N
DK13_99 - DECISION TREE 4                             N
DK14_99 - DECISION TREE 5                             N
DK15_99 - DECISION TREE 6                             N
DK16_99 - DECISION TREE 7                             N
DK17_99 - RANGE CARD                                  C
DK19_99 - LOW END                                     N
DK20_99 - HIGH END                                    N
DK21_99 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                       N
Q411A1 - E19. GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE              N    X1710
Q412A1 - E19M.MONTH PURCHASED OTHER RE 1              N    X1707
Q413A1 - E19Y.YEAR PURCHASED OTHER RE 1               N    X1708
Q414A1 - E20. TOTAL PURHCASE PRICE                    N    X1709
DK5_100 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_100 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_100 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_100 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_100 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_100 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_100 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_100 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_100 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_100 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_100 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_100 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_100 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_100 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q416A1 - E21. ANY OUTSTANDING LOANS?                  N    X1711
Q417A1 - E22. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X1712
Q418A1 - E22. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X1713
Q419A1 - E23. AMOUNT BORROWED/REFINANCED              N    X1714
DK5_101 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_101 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_101 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_101 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_101 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_101 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_101 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_101 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_101 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_101 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_101 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_101 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_101 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_101 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q421A1 - E24. AMOUNT STILL OWED                       N    X1715
DK5_102 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_102 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_102 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_102 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_102 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_102 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_102 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_102 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_102 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_102 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_102 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_102 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_102 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_102 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q423A1 - E25. PAYMENTS OR YEARS?                      N    X1716A
Q424A1 - E25YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X1716
Q425A1 - E25PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X1717
Q426A1 - E26. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X1718
DK5_103 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_103 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_103 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_103 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_103 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_103 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_103 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_103 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_103 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_103 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_103 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_103 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_103 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_103 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q428A1 - E26F. FREQ OF REGULAR PAYMENT                N    X1719
Q430A1 - E27. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X1723
DK5_104 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_104 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_104 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_104 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_104 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_104 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_104 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_104 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_104 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_104 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_104 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_104 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_104 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_104 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q432A1 - E27F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X1724
Q434A1 - E28. INCLUDE TAXES OR INSURANCE              N    X1720
Q435A1 - E29. REPAY OR BALLOON                        N    X1721
Q436A1 - E29_1. AMOUNT OF BALLOON PMT                 N    X1722
DK5_105 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_105 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_105 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_105 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_105 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_105 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_105 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_105 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_105 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_105 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_105 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_105 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_105 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_105 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q438A1 - E30. AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHED              N    X7554
Q439A1 - E30_1. YEAR TO BE REPAID                     N    X1725
Q440A1 - E31.  ANNUAL INTEREST RATE                   N    X1726
Q441A1 - E32. ADJUSTABLE RATE?                        N    X1727
Q442A1 - E33. INSTITUTION                             N    X1728
Q445A1 - E34. RECEIVE INCOME FROM PROP?               N    X1729
Q446A1 - E34_1. GROSS INCOME RECEIVED                 N    X1730
DK5_106 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_106 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_106 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_106 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_106 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_106 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_106 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_106 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_106 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_106 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_106 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_106 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_106 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_106 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q448A1 - E35. ANOTHER PROPERTY?                       N    X1731
Q406A2 - E17. OWNED BY R, JOINT, PARTNER              N    X1804
Q408A2 - E17_1. PERCENTAGE OWNED                      N    X1805
Q409A2 - E18. WORTH IF SOLD TODAY                     N    X1806
DK5_107 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_107 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_107 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_107 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_107 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_107 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_107 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_107 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_107 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_107 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_107 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_107 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_107 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_107 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q411A2 - E19. GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE              N    X1810
Q412A2 - E19M.MONTH PURCHASED OTHER RE 2              N    X1807
Q413A2 - E19Y.YEAR PURCHASED OTHER RE 2               N    X1808
Q414A2 - E20. TOTAL PURHCASE PRICE                    N    X1809
DK5_108 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_108 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_108 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_108 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_108 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_108 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_108 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_108 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_108 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_108 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_108 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_108 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_108 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_108 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q416A2 - E21. ANY OUTSTANDING LOANS?                  N    X1811
Q417A2 - E22. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X1812
Q418A2 - E22. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X1813
Q419A2 - E23. AMOUNT BORROWED/REFINANCED              N    X1814
DK5_109 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_109 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_109 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_109 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_109 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_109 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_109 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_109 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_109 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_109 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_109 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_109 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_109 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_109 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q421A2 - E24. AMOUNT STILL OWED                       N    X1815
DK5_110 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_110 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_110 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_110 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_110 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_110 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_110 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_110 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_110 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_110 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_110 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_110 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_110 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_110 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q423A2 - E25. PAYMENTS OR YEARS?                      N    X1816A
Q424A2 - E25YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X1816
Q425A2 - E25PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X1817
Q426A2 - E26. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X1818
DK5_111 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_111 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_111 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_111 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_111 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_111 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_111 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_111 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_111 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_111 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_111 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_111 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_111 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_111 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q428A2 - E26F. FREQ OF REGULAR PAYMENT                N    X1819
Q430A2 - E27. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X1823
DK5_112 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_112 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_112 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_112 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_112 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_112 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_112 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_112 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_112 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_112 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_112 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_112 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_112 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_112 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q432A2 - E27F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X1824
Q434A2 - E28. INCLUDE TAXES OR INSURANCE              N    X1820
Q435A2 - E29. REPAY OR BALLOON                        N    X1821
Q436A2 - E29_1. AMOUNT OF BALLOON PMT                 N    X1822
DK5_113 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_113 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_113 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_113 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_113 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_113 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_113 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_113 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_113 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_113 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_113 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_113 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_113 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_113 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q438A2 - E30. AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHED              N    X7553
Q439A2 - E30_1. YEAR TO BE REPAID                     N    X1825
Q440A2 - E31.  ANNUAL INTEREST RATE                   N    X1826
Q441A2 - E32. ADJUSTABLE RATE?                        N    X1827
Q442A2 - E33. INSTITUTION                             N    X1828
Q445A2 - E34. RECEIVE INCOME FROM PR0P?               N    X1829
Q446A2 - E34_1. GROSS INCOME RECEIVED                 N    X1830
DK5_114 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_114 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_114 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_114 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_114 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_114 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_114 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_114 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_114 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_114 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_114 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_114 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_114 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_114 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q448A2 - E35. ANOTHER PROPERTY?                       N    X1831
Q406A3 - E17. OWNED BY R, JOINT, PARTNER              N    X1904
Q408A3 - E17_1. PERCENTAGE OWNED                      N    X1905
Q409A3 - E18. WORTH IF SOLD TODAY                     N    X1906
DK5_115 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_115 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_115 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_115 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_115 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_115 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_115 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_115 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_115 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_115 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_115 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_115 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_115 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_115 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q411A3 - E19. GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE              N    X1910
Q412A3 - E19M.MONTH PURCHASED OTHER RE 3              N    X1907
Q413A3 - E19Y.YEAR PURCHASED OTHER RE 3               N    X1908
Q414A3 - E20. TOTAL PURHCASE PRICE                    N    X1909
DK5_116 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_116 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_116 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_116 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_116 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_116 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_116 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_116 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_116 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_116 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_116 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_116 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_116 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_116 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q416A3 - E21. ANY OUTSTANDING LOANS?                  N    X1911
Q417A3 - E22. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X1912
Q418A3 - E22. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X1913
Q419A3 - E23. AMOUNT BORROWED/REFINANCED              N    X1914
DK5_117 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_117 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_117 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_117 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_117 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_117 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_117 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_117 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_117 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_117 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_117 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_117 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_117 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_117 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q421A3 - E24. AMOUNT STILL OWED                       N    X1915
DK5_118 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_118 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_118 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_118 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_118 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_118 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_118 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_118 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_118 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_118 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_118 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_118 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_118 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_118 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q423A3 - E25. PAYMENTS OR YEARS?                      N    X1916A
Q424A3 - E25YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X1916
Q425A3 - E25PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X1917
Q426A3 - E26. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X1918
DK5_119 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_119 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_119 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_119 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_119 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_119 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_119 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_119 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_119 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_119 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_119 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_119 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_119 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_119 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q428A3 - E26F. FREQ  OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X1919
Q430A3 - E27. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X1923
DK5_120 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_120 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_120 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_120 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_120 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_120 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_120 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_120 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_120 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_120 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_120 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_120 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_120 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_120 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q432A3 - E27F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X1924
Q434A3 - E28. INCLUDE TAXES OR INSURANCE              N    X1920
Q435A3 - E29. REPAY OR BALLOON                        N    X1921
Q436A3 - E29_1. AMOUNT OF BALLOON PMT                 N    X1922
DK5_121 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_121 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_121 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_121 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_121 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_121 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_121 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_121 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_121 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_121 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_121 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_121 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_121 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_121 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q438A3 - E30. AHEAD, BEHIND, OR ON SCHED              N    X7552
Q439A3 - E30_1. YEAR TO BE REPAID                     N    X1925
Q440A3 - E31.  ANNUAL INTEREST RATE                   N    X1926
Q441A3 - E32. ADJUSTABLE RATE?                        N    X1927
Q442A3 - E33. INSTITUTION                             N    X1928
Q445A3 - E34. RECEIVE INCOME FROM PROP?               N    X1929
Q446A3 - E34_1. GROSS INCOME RECEIVED                 N    X1930
DK5_122 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_122 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_122 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_122 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_122 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_122 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_122 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_122 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_122 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_122 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_122 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_122 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_122 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_122 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q448A3 - E35. ANOTHER PROPERTY?                       N    X1931
Q449 - E36. ANY PROPS VACATION HOMES?                 N    X2001
Q450 - E36_1. VACATION HOME WORTH                     N    X2002
DK5_123 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_123 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_123 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_123 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_123 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_123 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_123 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_123 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_123 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_123 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_123 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_123 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_123 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_123 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q452 - E36_2.GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE?              N    X2004
Q453 - E36_2AMT. PURCHASE PRICE -VA HOME              N    X2003
DK5_124 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_124 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_124 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_124 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_124 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_124 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_124 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_124 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_124 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_124 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_124 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_124 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_124 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_124 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q455 - E36_3. ANY MORTGAGES OUTSTANDING?              N    X2005
Q456 - E36_4. TOTAL AMOUNT OWED -VA HOME              N    X2006
DK5_125 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_125 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_125 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_125 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_125 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_125 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_125 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_125 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_125 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_125 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_125 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_125 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_125 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_125 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q458 - E36_5. REG PMT VAC HOME MORTGAGE               N    X2007
DK5_126 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_126 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_126 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_126 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_126 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_126 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_126 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_126 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_126 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_126 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_126 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_126 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_126 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_126 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q460 - E36_5F. FREQ PMT ON VAC HOME MORT              N    X2008
Q462 - E36_6. RECEIVE INCOME FROM V HOME              N    X2009
Q463 - E36_7. AMT INCOME FROM VAC HOME                N    X2010
DK5_127 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_127 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_127 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_127 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_127 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_127 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_127 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_127 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_127 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_127 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_127 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_127 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_127 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_127 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q465 - E36_8. ANY REMAINING PROPERTIES?               N    X2011
Q466 - E37. REMAINING PROPERTIES WORTH                N    X2012
DK5_128 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_128 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_128 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_128 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_128 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_128 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_128 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_128 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_128 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_128 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_128 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_128 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_128 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_128 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q468 - E37_1.GIFT/INHERIT OR R PURCHASE?              N    X2014
Q469 - E37_1. REMAIN PROP PURCHASE PRICE              N    X2013
DK5_129 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_129 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_129 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_129 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_129 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_129 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_129 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_129 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_129 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_129 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_129 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_129 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_129 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_129 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q471 - E37_2. ANY LOANS ON REMAINING?                 N    X2015
Q472 - E37_3. TOTAL AMOUNT OWED ON OTHER              N    X2016
DK5_130 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_130 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_130 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_130 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_130 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_130 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_130 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_130 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_130 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_130 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_130 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_130 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_130 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_130 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q474 - E37_4. AMT OF PMTS ON MORT/LOANS               N    X2017
DK5_131 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_131 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_131 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_131 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_131 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_131 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_131 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_131 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_131 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_131 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_131 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_131 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_131 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_131 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q476 - E37_4F.FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS                   N    X2018
Q478 - E37_5. RECD INCOME FROM REMAIN P?              N    X2019
Q479 - E37_6. GROSS INCOME RECEIVED                   N    X2020
DK5_132 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_132 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_132 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_132 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_132 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_132 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_132 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_132 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_132 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_132 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_132 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_132 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_132 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_132 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q481 - F1. R OPERATE FARM BUS ON PROP?                N    X3101
Q482 - F2. HOW MANY FARM BUSINESSES?                  N    X6719
Q484 - F3. OWN/SHARE OWNERSHIP ANY BUS?               N    X3103
Q485 - F4. R HAVE ACTIVE MANAGEMENT ROLE              N    X3104
Q486 - F4_1. HOW MANY ACTIVE MANAGE BUS?              N    X6689
Q491A1 - F6. BUY, START, INHERIT, GIVEN?              N    X3108
Q493A1 - F8. YEAR BUSINESS STARTED                    N    X3110
Q494A1 - F9. NUMBER OF EMP INCLUDING R                N    X3111
Q495A1 - F9_1. CHECKPOINT -R LIVE ALONE?              N    X3112
Q496A1B1 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3113A 
Q496A1B2 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3114A 
Q496A1B3 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3115A 
Q496A1B4 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3116A 
Q496A1B5 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3117A 
Q499A1 - F9_3. HOW MANY HOURS FAM WORK?               N    X3118
Q500A1 - F9_4. TYPE OF CORPORATION                    N    X3119
Q502A1 - F10. PERSONAL ASSETS COLLATERAL              N    X3120
Q503A1 - F10_05. COLLAT, GUARANTEE, BOTH              N    X7144
Q504A1 - F10_1. AMOUNT GUARANTEED                     N    X3121
DK5_133 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_133 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_133 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_133 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_133 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_133 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_133 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_133 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_133 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_133 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_133 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_133 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_133 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_133 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q506A1 - F10_2. RECORD EARLIER?                       N    X3122
Q507A1 - F10_3. WHICH LOAN?                           N    X7551
Q509A1 - F11. DOES BUSINESS OWE YOU?                  N    X3123
Q510A1 - F11_1. AMOUNT OWED TO R BY BUS               N    X3124
DK5_134 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_134 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_134 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_134 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_134 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_134 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_134 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_134 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_134 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_134 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_134 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_134 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_134 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_134 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q512A1 - F12. R OWE BUSINESS MONEY?                   N    X3125
Q513A1 - F12_1. AMOUNT R OWES BUSINESS                N    X3126
DK5_135 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_135 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_135 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_135 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_135 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_135 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_135 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_135 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_135 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_135 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_135 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_135 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_135 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_135 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q515A1 - F12_2. RECORD LOAN FROM B EARLY              N    X3127
Q516A1 - F12_3. WHICH PREV RECORDED LOAN              N    X7548
Q518A1 - F13. WHAT PERCENT OF BUS R OWN               N    X3128
Q519A1 - F14. NET WORTH OF BUS SHARE                  N    X3129
DK5_136 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_136 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_136 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_136 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_136 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_136 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_136 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_136 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_136 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_136 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_136 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_136 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_136 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_136 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q521A1 - F15. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS                N    X3130
DK5_137 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_137 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_137 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_137 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_137 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_137 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_137 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_137 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_137 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_137 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_137 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_137 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_137 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_137 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q523A1 - F16. GROSS RECEIPTS                          N    X3131
DK5_138 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_138 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_138 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_138 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_138 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_138 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_138 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_138 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_138 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_138 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_138 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_138 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_138 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_138 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q525A1 - F17. BUS TOTAL NET INCOME IN 94              N    X3132
DK5_139 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_139 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_139 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_139 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_139 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_139 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_139 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_139 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_139 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_139 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_139 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_139 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_139 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_139 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q527A1 - F19. ANOTHER BUSINESS?                       N    X3134
Q491A2 - F6. BUY, START, INHERIT, GIVEN               N    X3208
Q493A2 - F8. YEAR BUSINESS STARTED                    N    X3210
Q494A2 - F9. # OF EMPLOYEES INCLUDING R               N    X3211
Q495A2 - F9_1. CHECKPOINT- R LIVE ALONE?              N    X3212
Q496A2B1 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3213A 
Q496A2B2 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3214A 
Q496A2B3 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3215A 
Q496A2B4 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3216A 
Q496A2B5 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3217A 
Q499A2 - F9_3. HOW MANY HOURS FAM WORK?               N    X3218
Q500A2 - F9_4. TYPE OF CORPORATION                    N    X3219
Q502A2 - F10. PERSONAL ASSETS AS COLLAT?              N    X3220
Q503A2 - F10_05. COLLAT, GUARANTEE, BOTH              N    X7145
Q504A2 - F10_1. AMOUNT GUARANTEED                     N    X3221
DK5_140 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_140 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_140 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_140 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_140 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_140 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_140 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_140 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_140 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_140 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_140 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_140 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_140 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_140 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q506A2 - F10_2. RECORD EARLIER?                       N    X3222
Q507A2 - F10_3. WHICH LOAN?                           N    X7550
Q509A2 - F11. DOES BUSINESS OWE YOU?                  N    X3223
Q510A2 - F11_1. AMT OWED TO R BY BUS 2                N    X3224
DK5_141 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_141 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_141 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_141 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_141 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_141 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_141 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_141 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_141 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_141 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_141 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_141 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_141 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_141 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q512A2 - F12. R OWE BUSINESS 2 MONEY?                 N    X3225
Q513A2 - F12_1. AMOUNT R OWES BUSINESS 2              N    X3226
DK5_142 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_142 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_142 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_142 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_142 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_142 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_142 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_142 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_142 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_142 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_142 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_142 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_142 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_142 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q515A2 - F12_2. RECORD LOAN FROM B EARLY              N    X3227
Q516A2 - F12_3. WHICH PREV RECORDED LOAN              N    X7547
Q518A2 - F13. WHAT PERCENT OF BUS R OWN?              N    X3228
Q519A2 - F14. NET WORTH OF BUS 2 SHARE                N    X3229
DK5_143 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_143 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_143 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_143 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_143 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_143 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_143 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_143 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_143 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_143 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_143 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_143 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_143 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_143 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q521A2 - F15. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS                N    X3230
DK5_144 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_144 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_144 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_144 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_144 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_144 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_144 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_144 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_144 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_144 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_144 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_144 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_144 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_144 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q523A2 - F16. GROSS RECEIPTS                          N    X3231
DK5_145 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_145 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_145 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_145 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_145 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_145 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_145 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_145 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_145 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_145 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_145 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_145 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_145 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_145 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q525A2 - F17. BUS 2 TOTAL NET INCOME 94               N    X3232
DK5_146 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_146 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_146 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_146 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_146 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_146 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_146 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_146 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_146 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_146 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_146 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_146 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_146 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_146 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q527A2 - F19. ANOTHER BUSINESS?                       N    X3234
Q491A3 - F6. BUY, START, INHERIT, GIVEN               N    X3308
Q493A3 - F8. YEAR BUSINESS STARTED                    N    X3310
Q494A3 - F9. NUMBER OF EMP INCLUDING R                N    X3311
Q495A3 - F9_1. CHECKPOINT- R LIVE ALONE?              N    X3312
Q496A3B1 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3313A 
Q496A3B2 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3314A 
Q496A3B3 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3315A 
Q496A3B4 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3316A 
Q496A3B5 - F9_2. WHICH FAM MEMBERS WORK               N    X3317A 
Q499A3 - F9_3. HOW MANY HOURS FAM WORK?               N    X3318
Q500A3 - F9_4. TYPE OF CORPORATION                    N    X3319
Q502A3 - F10. PERSONAL ASSETS AS COLLAT?              N    X3320
Q503A3 - F10_05. COLLAT, GUARANTEE, BOTH              N    X7146
Q504A3 - F10_1. AMOUNT GUARANTEED                     N    X3321
DK5_147 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_147 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_147 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_147 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_147 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_147 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_147 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_147 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_147 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_147 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_147 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_147 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_147 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_147 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q506A3 - F10_2. RECORD EARLIER?                       N    X3322
Q507A3 - F10_3. WHICH LOAN?                           N    X7549
Q509A3 - F11. DOES BUSINESS OWE YOU?                  N    X3323
Q510A3 - F11_1. AMT OWED TO R BY BUS 3                N    X3324
DK5_148 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_148 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_148 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_148 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_148 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_148 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_148 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_148 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_148 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_148 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_148 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_148 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_148 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_148 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q512A3 - F12. R OWE BUSINESS MONEY?                   N    X3325
Q513A3 - F12_1. AMOUNT R OWES BUSINESS                N    X3326
DK5_149 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_149 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_149 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_149 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_149 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_149 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_149 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_149 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_149 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_149 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_149 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_149 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_149 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_149 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q515A3 - F12_2. RECORD LOAN FROM B EARLY              N    X3327
Q516A3 - F12_3. WHICH PREV RECORDED LOAN              N    X7546
Q518A3 - F13. WHAT PERCENT OF BUS R OWN?              N    X3328
Q519A3 - F14. NET WORTH OF BUS 3 SHARE                N    X3329
DK5_150 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_150 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_150 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_150 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_150 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_150 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_150 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_150 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_150 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_150 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_150 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_150 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_150 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_150 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q521A3 - F15. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS                N    X3330
DK5_151 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_151 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_151 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_151 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_151 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_151 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_151 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_151 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_151 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_151 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_151 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_151 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_151 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_151 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q523A3 - F16. GROSS RECEIPTS                          N    X3331
DK5_152 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_152 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_152 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_152 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_152 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_152 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_152 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_152 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_152 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_152 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_152 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_152 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_152 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_152 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q525A3 - F17. BUS 3 TOTAL NET INCOME 94               N    X3332
DK5_153 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_153 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_153 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_153 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_153 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_153 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_153 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_153 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_153 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_153 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_153 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_153 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_153 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_153 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q527A3 - F19. ANY OTHER BUSINESSES?                   N    X3334
Q528 - F19_1. REMAINING BUSINESSES WORTH              N    X3335
DK5_154 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_154 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_154 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_154 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_154 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_154 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_154 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_154 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_154 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_154 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_154 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_154 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_154 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_154 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q530 - F19_2. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS                N    X3336
DK5_155 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_155 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_155 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_155 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_155 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_155 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_155 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_155 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_155 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_155 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_155 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_155 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_155 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_155 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q532 - F19_3. TOT NET INC REMAINING BUS               N    X3337
DK5_156 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_156 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_156 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_156 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_156 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_156 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_156 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_156 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_156 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_156 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_156 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_156 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_156 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_156 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q534 - F20. ANY BUS, NOT ACTIVELY MANAGE              N    X3401
Q535 - F20_1. HOW MANY W/NO R ACT MANAGE              N    X3402
Q536 - F20_2. TYPE OF CORPORATION                     N    X3403
Q538 - F20_3. WORTH OF SHARE                          N    X3404
DK5_157 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_157 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_157 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_157 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_157 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_157 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_157 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_157 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_157 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_157 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_157 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_157 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_157 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_157 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q540 - F20_4. IF SOLD, WHAT COST BASIS                N    X3405
DK5_158 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_158 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_158 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_158 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_158 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_158 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_158 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_158 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_158 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_158 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_158 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_158 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_158 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_158 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q542 - F20_5. TOT NET INC NON-ACTIVE MAN              N    X3406
DK5_159 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_159 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_159 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_159 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_159 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_159 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_159 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_159 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_159 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_159 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_159 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_159 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_159 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_159 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q545A1 - F21. ANY NON-ACT LTD PARTNERSHP              N    X3407
Q545A2 - F21. ANY NON-ACT OTH PARTNERSHP              N    X3411
Q545A3 - F21. ANY NON-ACT SUBCHAPTER S                N    X3415
Q545A4 - F21. ANY NON-ACTIVE OTHER CORPS              N    X3419
Q545A5 - F21. ANY NON-ACTIVE SOLE PROP                N    X3423
Q545A6 - F21. ANY NON-ACTIVE OTHER TYPES              N    X3427
Q549A1 - F22. LTD PARTNER SHARE WORTH                 N    X3408
DK5_160 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_160 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_160 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_160 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_160 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_160 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_160 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_160 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_160 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_160 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_160 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_160 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_160 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_160 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q551A1 - F23. LTD PTNR COST BASIS?                    N    X3409
DK5_161 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_161 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_161 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_161 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_161 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_161 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_161 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_161 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_161 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_161 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_161 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_161 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_161 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_161 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q553A1 - F24. TOTAL NET INCOME LTD PTNR               N    X3410
DK5_162 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_162 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_162 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_162 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_162 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_162 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_162 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_162 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_162 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_162 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_162 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_162 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_162 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_162 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q549A2 - F22. OTHER PARTNER SHARE WORTH?              N    X3412
DK5_163 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_163 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_163 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_163 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_163 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_163 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_163 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_163 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_163 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_163 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_163 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_163 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_163 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_163 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q551A2 - F23. OTH PTNRSP COST BASIS?                  N    X3413
DK5_164 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_164 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_164 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_164 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_164 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_164 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_164 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_164 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_164 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_164 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_164 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_164 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_164 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_164 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q553A2 - F24. TOTAL NET INCOME OTH PTNR               N    X3414
DK5_165 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_165 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_165 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_165 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_165 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_165 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_165 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_165 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_165 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_165 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_165 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_165 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_165 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_165 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q549A3 - F22. SUBCHAPTER S SHARE WORTH?               N    X3416
DK5_166 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_166 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_166 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_166 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_166 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_166 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_166 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_166 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_166 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_166 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_166 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_166 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_166 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_166 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q551A3 - F23. COST BASIS SUBCHAPTER S                 N    X3417
DK5_167 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_167 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_167 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_167 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_167 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_167 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_167 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_167 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_167 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_167 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_167 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_167 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_167 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_167 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q553A3 - F24. TOTAL NET INCOME SUBCHAP S              N    X3418
DK5_168 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_168 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_168 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_168 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_168 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_168 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_168 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_168 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_168 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_168 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_168 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_168 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_168 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_168 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q549A4 - F22. OTHER CORP SHARE WORTH                  N    X3420
DK5_169 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_169 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_169 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_169 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_169 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_169 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_169 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_169 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_169 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_169 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_169 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_169 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_169 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_169 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q551A4 - F23. COST BASIS OTHER CORP?                  N    X3421
DK5_170 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_170 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_170 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_170 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_170 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_170 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_170 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_170 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_170 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_170 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_170 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_170 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_170 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_170 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q553A4 - F24. TOTAL NET INCOME OTH CORPS              N    X3422
DK5_171 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_171 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_171 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_171 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_171 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_171 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_171 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_171 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_171 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_171 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_171 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_171 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_171 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_171 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q549A5 - F22. SOLE PROP SHARE WORTH                   N    X3424
DK5_172 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_172 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_172 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_172 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_172 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_172 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_172 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_172 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_172 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_172 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_172 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_172 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_172 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_172 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q551A5 - F23. COST BASIS SOLE PROP?                   N    X3425
DK5_173 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_173 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_173 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_173 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_173 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_173 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_173 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_173 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_173 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_173 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_173 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_173 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_173 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_173 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q553A5 - F24. TOTAL NET INCOME SOLE PROP              N    X3426
DK5_174 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_174 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_174 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_174 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_174 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_174 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_174 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_174 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_174 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_174 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_174 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_174 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_174 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_174 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q549A6 - F22. OTHER TYPE SHARE WORTH?                 N    X3428
DK5_175 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_175 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_175 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_175 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_175 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_175 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_175 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_175 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_175 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_175 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_175 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_175 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_175 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_175 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q551A6 - F23. COST BASIS OTHER TYPE?                  N    X3429
DK5_176 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_176 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_176 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_176 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_176 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_176 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_176 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_176 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_176 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_176 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_176 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_176 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_176 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_176 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q553A6 - F24. TOTAL NET INCOME OTH TYPE               N    X3430
DK5_177 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_177 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_177 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_177 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_177 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_177 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_177 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_177 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_177 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_177 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_177 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_177 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_177 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_177 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q555 - F25. EVER ACTIVE MANAGEME THESE?               N    X7545
Q556 - G24. ANY VEHIC PROVIDED BY BUSIN?              N    X2501
Q557 - G1_1. NUMBER BUS VEHIC REG USED                N    X2502
Q558 - G1_2. ANY VEHICLES LEASED BY BUS?              N    X7149
Q559 - G2. ANY VEHICLES LEASED PERSONAL?              N    X2101
Q560 - G2_1. NUMBER PERSONAL LEASE                    N    X6690
Q562A1 - G3. MAKE/MODEL LEASED VEHICLE                C    X2103
Q564A1 - G4. WHAT MODEL YEAR                          N    X2104
Q565A1 - G5. AMOUNT OF LEASE PAYMENT                  N    X2105
DK5_178 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_178 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_178 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_178 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_178 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_178 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_178 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_178 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_178 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_178 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_178 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_178 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_178 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_178 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q567A1 - G5F. FREQUENCY OF LEASE PAYMENT              N    X2106
Q569A1 - G5_1. YEARS OR MONTHS FOR LEASE              N    X2107A
Q570A1 - G5_1. NUMBER OF YEARS LEASED                 N    X2107
Q571A1 - G5_1. NUMBER OF MONTHS LEASED                N    X2108
Q572A1 - G6. ANOTHER LEASED VEHICLE?                  N    X2109
Q562A2 - G3. MAKE/MODEL OF LEASED VEHIC2              C    X2110
Q564A2 - G4. WHAT MODEL YEAR                          N    X2111
Q565A2 - G5. AMT OF LEASE PMT VEHIC 2                 N    X2112
DK5_179 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_179 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_179 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_179 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_179 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_179 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_179 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_179 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_179 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_179 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_179 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_179 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_179 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_179 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q567A2 - G5F. FREQ LEASE PMT VEHIC 2                  N    X2113
Q569A2 - G5_1. YEARS OR MONTHS FOR LEASE              N    X2114A
Q570A2 - G5_1. NUMBER OF YEARS LEASED                 N    X2114
Q571A2 - G5_1. NUMBER OF MONTHS LEASED                N    X2115
Q572A2 - G6. ANOTHER LEASED VEHICLE?                  N    X2116
Q573 - G6_1. TOT AMT OF OTHER LEASE PMTS              N    X2117
DK5_180 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_180 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_180 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_180 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_180 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_180 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_180 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_180 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_180 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_180 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_180 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_180 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_180 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_180 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q575 - G6_1F. FREQ OF OTHER LEASE PMTS                N    X2118
Q577 - G7. ANY CARS, TRUCKS, VANS, JEEPS              N    X2201
Q578 - G7_1. HOW MANY VEHICLES OWN                    N    X6691
Q580A1 - G8. TYPE OF VEHICLE                          N    X2203
Q582A1 - G9. MAKE/MODEL OF VEHICLE                    C    X2204
Q584A1 - G10. WHAT MODEL YEAR                         N    X2205
Q585A1 - G11. BOUGHT NEW OR USED?                     N    X7543
Q586A1 - G11_1.  WHAT YEAR BOUGHT                     N    X7540
Q587A1 - G12.  MONEY STILL OWED                       N    X2206
Q588A1 - G13. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X2207
Q589A1 - G13. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2208
Q590A1 - G14. HOW MUCH BORROWED                       N    X2209
DK5_181 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_181 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_181 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_181 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_181 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_181 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_181 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_181 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_181 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_181 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_181 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_181 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_181 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_181 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q592A1 - G15. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE               N    X2210
Q593A1 - G16. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X2212A
Q594A1 - G16YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X2212
Q595A1 - G16PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X2211
Q596A1 - G17. AMT OF REG PMT CAR LOAN 1               N    X2213
DK5_182 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_182 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_182 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_182 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_182 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_182 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_182 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_182 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_182 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_182 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_182 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_182 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_182 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_182 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q598A1 - G17F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7537
Q600A1 - G18. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2214
DK5_183 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_183 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_183 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_183 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_183 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_183 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_183 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_183 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_183 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_183 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_183 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_183 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_183 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_183 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q602A1 - G18F. FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PMT               N    X2215
Q604A1 - G18_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7534
Q605A1 - G19. MONTH LOAN TO BE REPAID                 N    X2216
Q606A1 - G19. YEAR LOAN TO BE REPAID                  N    X2217
Q607A1 - G20. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2218
DK5_184 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_184 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_184 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_184 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_184 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_184 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_184 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_184 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_184 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_184 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_184 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_184 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_184 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_184 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q609A1 - G21. CURRENT APR                             N    X2219
Q610A1 - G22. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2220
Q613A1 - G23. OWN ANOTHER VEHICLE?                    N    X2221
Q580A2 - G8. TYPE OF VEHICLE                          N    X2303
Q582A2 - G9. MAKE/MODEL OF VEHICLE                    C    X2304
Q584A2 - G10. WHAT MODEL YEAR                         N    X2305
Q585A2 - G11. BOUGHT NEW OR USED?                     N    X7542
Q586A2 - G11_1.  WHAT YEAR BOUGHT                     N    X7539
Q587A2 - G12.  MONEY STILL OWED                       N    X2306
Q588A2 - G13. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X2307
Q589A2 - G13. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2308
Q590A2 - G14. HOW MUCH BORROWED                       N    X2309
DK5_185 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_185 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_185 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_185 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_185 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_185 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_185 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_185 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_185 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_185 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_185 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_185 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_185 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_185 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q592A2 - G15. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?              N    X2310
Q593A2 - G16. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X2312A
Q594A2 - G16YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X2312
Q595A2 - G16PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X2311
Q596A2 - G17. AMT OF REG PMT CAR LOAN 2               N    X2313
DK5_186 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_186 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_186 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_186 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_186 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_186 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_186 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_186 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_186 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_186 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_186 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_186 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_186 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_186 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q598A2 - G17F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7536
Q600A2 - G18. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2314
DK5_187 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_187 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_187 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_187 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_187 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_187 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_187 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_187 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_187 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_187 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_187 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_187 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_187 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_187 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q602A2 - G18F. FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PMT               N    X2315
Q604A2 - G18_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7533
Q605A2 - G19. MONTH LOAN TO BE REPAID                 N    X2316
Q606A2 - G19. YEAR LOAN TO BE REPAID                  N    X2317
Q607A2 - G20. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2318
DK5_188 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_188 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_188 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_188 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_188 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_188 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_188 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_188 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_188 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_188 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_188 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_188 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_188 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_188 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q609A2 - G21. CURRENT APR                             N    X2319
Q610A2 - G22. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2320
Q613A2 - G23. OWN ANOTHER VEHICLE?                    N    X2321
Q580A3 - G8. TYPE OF VEHICLE                          N    X2403
Q582A3 - G9. MAKE/MODEL OF VEHICLE                    C    X2404
Q584A3 - G10. WHAT MODEL YEAR                         N    X2405
Q585A3 - G11. BOUGHT NEW OR USED?                     N    X7541
Q586A3 - G11_1.  WHAT YEAR BOUGHT                     N    X7538
Q587A3 - G12.  MONEY STILL OWED                       N    X2406
Q588A3 - G13. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X2407
Q589A3 - G13. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2408
Q590A3 - G14. HOW MUCH BORROWED                       N    X2409
DK5_189 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_189 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_189 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_189 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_189 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_189 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_189 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_189 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_189 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_189 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_189 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_189 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_189 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_189 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q592A3 - G15. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?              N    X2410
Q593A3 - G16. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X2412A
Q594A3 - G16YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X2412
Q595A3 - G16PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X2411
Q596A3 - G17. AMT OF REG PMT CAR LOAN 3               N    X2413
DK5_190 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_190 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_190 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_190 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_190 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_190 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_190 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_190 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_190 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_190 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_190 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_190 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_190 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_190 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q598A3 - G17F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7535
Q600A3 - G18. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2414
DK5_191 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_191 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_191 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_191 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_191 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_191 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_191 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_191 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_191 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_191 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_191 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_191 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_191 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_191 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q602A3 - G18F. FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PMT               N    X2415
Q604A3 - G18_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7532
Q605A3 - G19. MONTH LOAN TO BE REPAID                 N    X2416
Q606A3 - G19. YEAR LOAN TO BE REPAID                  N    X2417
Q607A3 - G20. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2418
DK5_192 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_192 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_192 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_192 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_192 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_192 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_192 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_192 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_192 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_192 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_192 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_192 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_192 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_192 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q609A3 - G21. CURRENT APR                             N    X2419
Q610A3 - G22. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2420
Q613A3 - G23. OWN ANOTHER VEHICLE?                    N    X2421
Q580A4 - G8. TYPE OF VEHICLE                          N    X7150
Q582A4 - G9. MAKE/MODEL OF VEHICLE                    C    X7151
Q584A4 - G10. WHAT MODEL YEAR                         N    X7152
Q585A4 - G11. BOUGHT NEW OR USED?                     N    X7153
Q586A4 - G11_1.  WHAT YEAR BOUGHT                     N    X7154
Q587A4 - G12.  MONEY STILL OWED                       N    X7155
Q588A4 - G13. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X7156
Q589A4 - G13. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X7157
Q590A4 - G14. HOW MUCH BORROWED                       N    X7158
DK5_193 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_193 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_193 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_193 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_193 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_193 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_193 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_193 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_193 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_193 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_193 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_193 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_193 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_193 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q592A4 - G15. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?              N    X7159
Q593A4 - G16. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X7161A
Q594A4 - G16YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X7161
Q595A4 - G16PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7160
Q596A4 - G17. AMT OF REG PMT CAR LOAN 4               N    X7162
DK5_194 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_194 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_194 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_194 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_194 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_194 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_194 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_194 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_194 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_194 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_194 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_194 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_194 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_194 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q598A4 - G17F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7163
Q600A4 - G18. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X7164
DK5_195 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_195 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_195 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_195 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_195 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_195 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_195 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_195 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_195 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_195 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_195 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_195 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_195 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_195 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q602A4 - G18F. FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PMT               N    X7165
Q604A4 - G18_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7166
Q605A4 - G19. MONTH LOAN TO BE REPAID                 N    X7167
Q606A4 - G19. YEAR LOAN TO BE REPAID                  N    X7168
Q607A4 - G20. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X7169
DK5_196 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_196 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_196 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_196 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_196 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_196 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_196 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_196 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_196 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_196 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_196 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_196 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_196 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_196 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q609A4 - G21. CURRENT APR                             N    X7170
Q610A4 - G22. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X7171
Q613A4 - G23. OWN ANOTHER VEHICLE?                    N    X7172
Q614 - G23_1. TOT WORTH OF ALL OTHER VEH              N    X2422
DK5_197 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_197 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_197 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_197 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_197 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_197 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_197 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_197 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_197 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_197 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_197 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_197 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_197 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_197 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q616 - G23_2. OWE ON REMAIN OWNED VEH?                N    X2423
Q617 - G23_3. TOT AMT OWED ON REMAIN VEH              N    X2424
DK5_198 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_198 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_198 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_198 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_198 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_198 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_198 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_198 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_198 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_198 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_198 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_198 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_198 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_198 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q619 - G23_4. TOT AMT REMAIN REG PMTS                 N    X2425
DK5_199 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_199 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_199 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_199 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_199 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_199 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_199 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_199 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_199 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_199 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_199 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_199 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_199 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_199 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q621 - G23_4F. FREQ OF REMAIN REG PMTS                N    X2426
Q623 - G25. OWN ANY OTHER TYPE VEHICLES?              N    X2503
Q624 - G25_1. HOW MANY TOTAL OTHER VEH?               N    X6692
Q626A1 - G26. WHAT TYPE OF OTHER VEHICLE              N    X2505
Q628A1 - G27. HOW MUCH OTHER VEH WORTH?               N    X2506
DK5_200 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_200 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_200 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_200 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_200 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_200 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_200 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_200 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_200 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_200 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_200 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_200 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_200 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_200 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q630A1 - G28. MONEY STILL OWED ON RV                  N    X2507
Q631A1 - G29. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X2508
Q632A1 - G29. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2509
Q633A1 - G30. HOW MUCH BORROWED?                      N    X2510
DK5_201 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_201 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_201 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_201 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_201 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_201 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_201 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_201 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_201 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_201 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_201 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_201 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_201 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_201 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q635A1 - G31. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?              N    X2511
Q636A1 - G32. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS?                N    X2513A
Q637A1 - G32YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X2513
Q638A1 - G32PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X2512
Q639A1 - G33. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X2514
DK5_202 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_202 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_202 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_202 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_202 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_202 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_202 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_202 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_202 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_202 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_202 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_202 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_202 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_202 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q641A1 - G33F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7531
Q643A1 - G34. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2515
DK5_203 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_203 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_203 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_203 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_203 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_203 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_203 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_203 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_203 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_203 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_203 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_203 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_203 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_203 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q645A1 - G34F. FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PMT               N    X2516
Q647A1 - G34_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7529
Q648A1 - G35. MONTH LOAN TO BE REPAID                 N    X2517
Q649A1 - G35. YEAR LOAN TO BE REPAID                  N    X2518
Q650A1 - G36. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2519
DK5_204 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_204 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_204 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_204 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_204 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_204 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_204 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_204 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_204 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_204 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_204 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_204 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_204 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_204 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q652A1 - G37. CURRENT APR                             N    X2520
Q653A1 - G38. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2521
Q656A1 - G39. OWN ANOTHER VEHICLE?                    N    X2522
Q626A2 - G26. WHAT TYPE OF OTHER VEHICLE              N    X2605
Q628A2 - G27. HOW MUCH OTHER VEH WORTH?               N    X2606
DK5_205 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_205 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_205 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_205 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_205 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_205 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_205 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_205 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_205 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_205 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_205 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_205 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_205 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_205 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q630A2 - G28. MONEY STILL OWED ON RV                  N    X2607
Q631A2 - G29. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                    N    X2608
Q632A2 - G29. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2609
Q633A2 - G30. HOW MUCH BORROWED?                      N    X2610
DK5_206 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_206 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_206 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_206 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_206 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_206 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_206 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_206 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_206 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_206 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_206 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_206 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_206 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_206 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q635A2 - G31. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?              N    X2611
Q636A2 - G32. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X2613A
Q637A2 - G32YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X2613
Q638A2 - G32PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X2612
Q639A2 - G33. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X2614
DK5_207 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_207 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_207 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_207 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_207 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_207 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_207 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_207 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_207 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_207 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_207 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_207 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_207 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_207 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q641A2 - G33F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7530
Q643A2 - G34. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2615
DK5_208 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_208 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_208 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_208 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_208 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_208 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_208 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_208 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_208 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_208 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_208 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_208 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_208 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_208 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q645A2 - G34F. FREQUENCY OF TYPICAL PMT               N    X2616
Q647A2 - G34_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7528
Q648A2 - G35. MONTH LOAN TO BE REPAID                 N    X2617
Q649A2 - G35. YEAR LOAN TO BE REPAID                  N    X2618
Q650A2 - G36. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2619
DK5_209 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_209 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_209 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_209 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_209 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_209 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_209 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_209 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_209 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_209 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_209 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_209 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_209 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_209 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q652A2 - G37. CURRENT APR                             N    X2620
Q653A2 - G38. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2621
Q656A2 - G39. OWN ANY OTHER VEHICLES?                 N    X2622
Q657 - G39_1. TOT WORTH REMAIN OTHER VEH              N    X2623
DK5_210 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_210 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_210 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_210 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_210 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_210 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_210 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_210 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_210 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_210 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_210 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_210 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_210 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_210 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q659 - G39_2. OWE ON REMAIN OTHER VEH?                N    X2624
Q660 - G39_3. TOTAL OWED REMAIN OTH VEH               N    X2625
DK5_211 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_211 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_211 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_211 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_211 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_211 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_211 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_211 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_211 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_211 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_211 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_211 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_211 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_211 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q662 - G39_4. TOTAL AMT REMAIN REG PMTS               N    X2626
DK5_212 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_212 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_212 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_212 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_212 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_212 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_212 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_212 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_212 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_212 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_212 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_212 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_212 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_212 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q664 - G39_4F. FREQ REMAIN REG PMTS                   N    X2627
Q666 - H1. HAVE ANY EDUCATION LOANS?                  N    X7801
Q667 - H2. HOW MANY EDUCATION LOANS                   N    X6693
Q669A1 - H3. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X7803
Q670A1 - H3. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X7804
Q671A1 - H4. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X7805
DK5_213 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_213 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_213 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_213 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_213 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_213 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_213 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_213 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_213 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_213 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_213 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_213 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_213 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_213 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q673A1 - H5. YOU PAYING ON LOAN NOW                   N    X7806
Q674A1 - H5_1. ARE THE PAYMENTS DEFERRED              N    X7173
Q675A1 - H6. MONTH WHEN WILL START REPAY              N    X7807
Q676A1 - H6. YEAR WHEN WILL START REPAY               N    X7808
Q677A1 - H7. ACCUM INTEREST DURING DEFER              N    X7809
Q678A1 - H8. MONTH DID START PAYING                   N    X7810
Q679A1 - H8. YEAR DID START PAYING                    N    X7811
Q680A1 - H9. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X7812
Q681A1 - H10. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X7813A
Q682A1 - H10YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X7813
Q683A1 - H10PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7814
Q684A1 - H11. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X7815
DK5_214 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_214 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_214 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_214 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_214 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_214 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_214 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_214 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_214 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_214 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_214 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_214 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_214 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_214 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q686A1 - H11F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7816
Q688A1 - H11_1. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PMT                 N    X7817
DK5_215 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_215 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_215 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_215 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_215 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_215 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_215 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_215 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_215 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_215 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_215 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_215 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_215 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_215 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q690A1 - H11_1F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PMT                  N    X7818
Q692A1 - H12. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?                N    X7821
Q693A1 - H13. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X7819
Q694A1 - H13. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X7820
Q695A1 - H14. CURRENT APR                             N    X7822
Q696A1 - H15. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X7823
Q699A1 - H16. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X7824
DK5_216 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_216 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_216 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_216 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_216 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_216 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_216 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_216 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_216 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_216 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_216 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_216 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_216 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_216 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q701A1 - H17. ANOTHER EDUCATION LOAN                  N    X7825
Q669A2 - H3. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X7826
Q670A2 - H3. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X7827
Q671A2 - H4. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X7828
DK5_217 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_217 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_217 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_217 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_217 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_217 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_217 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_217 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_217 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_217 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_217 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_217 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_217 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_217 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q673A2 - H5. YOU PAYING ON LOAN NOW                   N    X7829
Q674A2 - H5_1. ARE THE PAYMENTS DEFERRED              N    X7174
Q675A2 - H6. MONTH WHEN WILL START REPAY              N    X7830
Q676A2 - H6. YEAR WHEN WILL START REPAY               N    X7831
Q677A2 - H7. ACCUM INTEREST DURING DEFER              N    X7832
Q678A2 - H8. MONTH DID START PAYING                   N    X7833
Q679A2 - H8. YEAR DID START PAYING                    N    X7834
Q680A2 - H9. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X7835
Q681A2 - H10. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X7836A
Q682A2 - H10YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X7836
Q683A2 - H10PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7837
Q684A2 - H11. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X7838
DK5_218 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_218 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_218 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_218 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_218 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_218 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_218 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_218 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_218 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_218 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_218 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_218 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_218 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_218 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q686A2 - H11F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7839
Q688A2 - H11_1. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PMT                 N    X7840
DK5_219 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_219 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_219 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_219 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_219 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_219 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_219 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_219 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_219 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_219 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_219 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_219 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_219 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_219 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q690A2 - H11_1F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PMT                  N    X7841
Q692A2 - H12. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?                N    X7844
Q693A2 - H13. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X7842
Q694A2 - H13. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X7843
Q695A2 - H14. CURRENT APR                             N    X7845
Q696A2 - H15. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X7846
Q699A2 - H16. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X7847
DK5_220 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_220 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_220 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_220 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_220 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_220 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_220 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_220 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_220 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_220 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_220 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_220 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_220 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_220 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q701A2 - H17. ANOTHER EDUCATION LOAN                  N    X7848
Q669A3 - H3. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X7849
Q670A3 - H3. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X7850
Q671A3 - H4. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X7851
DK5_221 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_221 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_221 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_221 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_221 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_221 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_221 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_221 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_221 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_221 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_221 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_221 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_221 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_221 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q673A3 - H5. YOU PAYING ON LOAN NOW                   N    X7852
Q674A3 - H5_1. ARE THE PAYMENTS DEFERRED              N    X7175
Q675A3 - H6. MONTH WHEN WILL START REPAY              N    X7853
Q676A3 - H6. YEAR WHEN WILL START REPAY               N    X7854
Q677A3 - H7. ACCUM INTEREST DURING DEFER              N    X7855
Q678A3 - H8. MONTH DID START PAYING                   N    X7856
Q679A3 - H8. YEAR DID START PAYING                    N    X7857
Q680A3 - H9. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X7858
Q681A3 - H10. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X7859A
Q682A3 - H10YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X7859
Q683A3 - H10PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7860
Q684A3 - H11. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X7861
DK5_222 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_222 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_222 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_222 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_222 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_222 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_222 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_222 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_222 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_222 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_222 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_222 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_222 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_222 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q686A3 - H11F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7862
Q688A3 - H11_1. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PMT                 N    X7863
DK5_223 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_223 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_223 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_223 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_223 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_223 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_223 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_223 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_223 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_223 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_223 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_223 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_223 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_223 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q690A3 - H11_1F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PMT                  N    X7864
Q692A3 - H12. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?                N    X7867
Q693A3 - H13. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X7865
Q694A3 - H13. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X7866
Q695A3 - H14. CURRENT APR                             N    X7868
Q696A3 - H15. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X7869
Q699A3 - H16. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X7870
DK5_224 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_224 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_224 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_224 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_224 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_224 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_224 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_224 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_224 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_224 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_224 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_224 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_224 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_224 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q701A3 - H17. ANOTHER EDUCATION LOAN                  N    X7871
Q669A4 - H3. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X7903
Q670A4 - H3. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X7904
Q671A4 - H4. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X7905
DK5_225 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_225 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_225 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_225 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_225 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_225 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_225 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_225 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_225 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_225 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_225 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_225 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_225 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_225 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q673A4 - H5. YOU PAYING ON LOAN NOW                   N    X7906
Q674A4 - H5_1. ARE THE PAYMENTS DEFERRED              N    X7176
Q675A4 - H6. MONTH WHEN WILL START REPAY              N    X7907
Q676A4 - H6. YEAR WHEN WILL START REPAY               N    X7908
Q677A4 - H7. ACCUM INTEREST DURING DEFER              N    X7909
Q678A4 - H8. MONTH DID START PAYING                   N    X7910
Q679A4 - H8. YEAR DID START PAYING                    N    X7911
Q680A4 - H9. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X7912
Q681A4 - H10. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X7913A
Q682A4 - H10YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X7913
Q683A4 - H10PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7914
Q684A4 - H11. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X7915
DK5_226 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_226 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_226 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_226 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_226 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_226 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_226 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_226 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_226 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_226 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_226 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_226 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_226 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_226 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q686A4 - H11F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7916
Q688A4 - H11_1. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PMT                 N    X7917
DK5_227 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_227 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_227 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_227 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_227 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_227 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_227 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_227 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_227 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_227 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_227 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_227 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_227 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_227 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q690A4 - H11_1F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PMT                  N    X7918
Q692A4 - H12. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?                N    X7921
Q693A4 - H13. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X7919
Q694A4 - H13. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X7920
Q695A4 - H14. CURRENT APR                             N    X7922
Q696A4 - H15. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X7923
Q699A4 - H16. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X7924
DK5_228 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_228 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_228 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_228 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_228 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_228 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_228 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_228 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_228 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_228 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_228 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_228 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_228 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_228 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q701A4 - H17. ANOTHER EDUCATION LOAN                  N    X7925
Q669A5 - H3. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X7926
Q670A5 - H3. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X7927
Q671A5 - H4. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X7928
DK5_229 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_229 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_229 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_229 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_229 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_229 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_229 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_229 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_229 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_229 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_229 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_229 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_229 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_229 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q673A5 - H5. YOU PAYING ON LOAN NOW                   N    X7929
Q674A5 - H5_1. ARE THE PAYMENTS DEFERRED              N    X7177
Q675A5 - H6. MONTH WHEN WILL START REPAY              N    X7930
Q676A5 - H6. YEAR WHEN WILL START REPAY               N    X7931
Q677A5 - H7. ACCUM INTEREST DURING DEFER              N    X7932
Q678A5 - H8. MONTH DID START PAYING                   N    X7933
Q679A5 - H8. YEAR DID START PAYING                    N    X7934
Q680A5 - H9. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE                N    X7935
Q681A5 - H10. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X7936A
Q682A5 - H10YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X7936
Q683A5 - H10PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7937
Q684A5 - H11. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X7938
DK5_230 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_230 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_230 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_230 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_230 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_230 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_230 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_230 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_230 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_230 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_230 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_230 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_230 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_230 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q686A5 - H11F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7939
Q688A5 - H11_1. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PMT                 N    X7940
DK5_231 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_231 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_231 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_231 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_231 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_231 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_231 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_231 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_231 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_231 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_231 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_231 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_231 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_231 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q690A5 - H11_1F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PMT                  N    X7941
Q692A5 - H12. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?                N    X7944
Q693A5 - H13. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X7942
Q694A5 - H13. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X7943
Q695A5 - H14. CURRENT APR                             N    X7945
Q696A5 - H15. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X7946
Q699A5 - H16. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X7947
DK5_232 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_232 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_232 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_232 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_232 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_232 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_232 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_232 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_232 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_232 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_232 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_232 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_232 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_232 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q701A5 - H17. ANOTHER EDUCATION LOAN                  N    X7948
Q669A6 - H3. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X7949
Q670A6 - H3. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X7950
Q671A6 - H4. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X7951
DK5_233 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_233 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_233 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_233 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_233 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_233 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_233 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_233 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_233 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_233 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_233 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_233 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_233 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_233 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q673A6 - H5. YOU PAYING ON LOAN NOW                   N    X7952
Q674A6 - H5_1. ARE THE PAYMENTS DEFERRED              N    X7178
Q675A6 - H6. MONTH WHEN WILL START REPAY              N    X7953
Q676A6 - H6. YEAR WHEN WILL START REPAY               N    X7954
Q677A6 - H7. ACCUM INTEREST DURING DEFER              N    X7955
Q678A6 - H8. MONTH DID START PAYING                   N    X7956
Q679A6 - H8. YEAR DID START PAYING                    N    X7957
Q680A6 - H9. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X7958
Q681A6 - H10. AGREED TO YEARS OR PMTS                 N    X7959A
Q682A6 - H10YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                      N    X7959
Q683A6 - H10PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                   N    X7960
Q684A6 - H11. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT               N    X7961
DK5_234 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_234 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_234 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_234 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_234 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_234 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_234 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_234 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_234 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_234 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_234 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_234 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_234 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_234 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q686A6 - H11F. FREQUENCY OF REGULAR PMT               N    X7962
Q688A6 - H11_1. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PMT                 N    X7963
DK5_235 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_235 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_235 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_235 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_235 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_235 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_235 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_235 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_235 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_235 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_235 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_235 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_235 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_235 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q690A6 - H11_1F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PMT                  N    X7964
Q692A6 - H12. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?                N    X7967
Q693A6 - H13. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X7965
Q694A6 - H13. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X7966
Q695A6 - H14. CURRENT APR                             N    X7968
Q696A6 - H15. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X7969
Q699A6 - H16. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X7970
DK5_236 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_236 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_236 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_236 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_236 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_236 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_236 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_236 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_236 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_236 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_236 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_236 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_236 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_236 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q701A6 - H17. ANOTHER EDUCATION LOAN                  N    X7971
Q806 - H18. TOT AMT OWED REMAINING LOANS              N    X7179
DK5_237 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_237 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_237 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_237 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_237 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_237 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_237 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_237 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_237 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_237 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_237 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_237 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_237 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_237 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1427 - H18_1.AMT OF PMT ON REMAIN LOANS              N    X7180
DK5_238 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_238 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_238 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_238 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_238 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_238 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_238 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_238 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_238 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_238 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_238 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_238 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_238 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_238 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1497 - H18_1F. FREQ OF PMT REMAIN LOANS              N    X7181
Q702 - I1. DO YOU HAVE ANY OTHER LOANS?               N    X7182
Q703 - I2. HOW MANY OTHER LOANS                       N    X6694
Q706A1 - I5. MONTH OTHER LOAN TAKEN OUT               N    X2712
Q707A1 - I5. YEAR OTHER LOAN TAKEN OUT                N    X2713
Q708A1 - I6. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X2714
DK5_239 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_239 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_239 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_239 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_239 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_239 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_239 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_239 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_239 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_239 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_239 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_239 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_239 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_239 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q710A1 - I7. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X2715
Q711A1 - I8. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS              N    X2717A
Q712A1 - I8YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X2717
Q713A1 - I8PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X2716
Q714A1 - I9. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT                N    X2718
DK5_240 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_240 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_240 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_240 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_240 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_240 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_240 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_240 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_240 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_240 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_240 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_240 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_240 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_240 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q716A1 - I9F. FREQ OF REGULAR PAYMENT                 N    X7527
Q718A1 - I10. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2719
DK5_241 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_241 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_241 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_241 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_241 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_241 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_241 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_241 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_241 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_241 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_241 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_241 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_241 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_241 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q720A1 - I10F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X2720
Q722A1 - I10_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7521
Q723A1 - I11. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X2721
Q724A1 - I11. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X2722
Q725A1 - I12. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2723
DK5_242 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_242 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_242 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_242 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_242 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_242 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_242 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_242 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_242 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_242 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_242 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_242 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_242 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_242 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q727A1 - I13. CURRENT APR                             N    X2724
Q728A1 - I14. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2725
Q731A1 - I15. ANOTHER LOAN                            N    X2726
Q706A2 - I5. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2729
Q707A2 - I5. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X2730
Q708A2 - I6. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X2731
DK5_243 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_243 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_243 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_243 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_243 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_243 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_243 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_243 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_243 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_243 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_243 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_243 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_243 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_243 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q710A2 - I7. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X2732
Q711A2 - I8. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS              N    X2734A
Q712A2 - I8YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X2734
Q713A2 - I8PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X2733
Q714A2 - I9. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT                N    X2735
DK5_244 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_244 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_244 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_244 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_244 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_244 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_244 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_244 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_244 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_244 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_244 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_244 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_244 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_244 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q716A2 - I9F. FREQ OF REGULAR PAYMENT                 N    X7526
Q718A2 - I10. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2736
DK5_245 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_245 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_245 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_245 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_245 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_245 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_245 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_245 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_245 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_245 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_245 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_245 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_245 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_245 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q720A2 - I10F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X2737
Q722A2 - I10_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7520
Q723A2 - I11. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X2738
Q724A2 - I11. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X2739
Q725A2 - I12. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2740
DK5_246 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_246 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_246 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_246 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_246 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_246 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_246 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_246 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_246 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_246 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_246 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_246 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_246 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_246 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q727A2 - I13. CURRENT APR                             N    X2741
Q728A2 - I14. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2742
Q731A2 - I15. ANOTHER LOAN                            N    X2743
Q706A3 - I5. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2812
Q707A3 - I5. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X2813
Q708A3 - I6. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X2814
DK5_247 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_247 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_247 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_247 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_247 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_247 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_247 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_247 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_247 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_247 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_247 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_247 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_247 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_247 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q710A3 - I7. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X2815
Q711A3 - I8. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS              N    X2817A
Q712A3 - I8YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X2817
Q713A3 - I8PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X2816
Q714A3 - I9. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT                N    X2818
DK5_248 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_248 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_248 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_248 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_248 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_248 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_248 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_248 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_248 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_248 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_248 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_248 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_248 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_248 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q716A3 - I9F. FREQ OF REGULAR PAYMENT                 N    X7525
Q718A3 - I10. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2819
DK5_249 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_249 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_249 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_249 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_249 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_249 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_249 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_249 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_249 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_249 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_249 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_249 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_249 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_249 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q720A3 - I10F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X2820
Q722A3 - I10_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7519
Q723A3 - I11. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X2821
Q724A3 - I11. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X2822
Q725A3 - I12. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2823
DK5_250 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_250 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_250 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_250 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_250 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_250 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_250 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_250 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_250 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_250 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_250 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_250 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_250 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_250 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q727A3 - I13. CURRENT APR                             N    X2824
Q728A3 - I14. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2825
Q731A3 - I15. ANOTHER LOAN                            N    X2826
Q706A4 - I5. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2829
Q707A4 - I5. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X2830
Q708A4 - I6. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X2831
DK5_251 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_251 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_251 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_251 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_251 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_251 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_251 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_251 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_251 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_251 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_251 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_251 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_251 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_251 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q710A4 - I7. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X2832
Q711A4 - I8. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS              N    X2834A
Q712A4 - I8YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X2834
Q713A4 - I8PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X2833
Q714A4 - I9. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT                N    X2835
DK5_252 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_252 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_252 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_252 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_252 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_252 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_252 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_252 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_252 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_252 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_252 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_252 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_252 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_252 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q716A4 - I9F. FREQ OF REGULAR PAYMENT                 N    X7524
Q718A4 - I10. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2836
DK5_253 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_253 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_253 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_253 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_253 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_253 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_253 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_253 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_253 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_253 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_253 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_253 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_253 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_253 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q720A4 - I10F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X2837
Q722A4 - I10_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7518
Q723A4 - I11. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X2838
Q724A4 - I11. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X2839
Q725A4 - I12. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2840
DK5_254 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_254 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_254 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_254 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_254 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_254 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_254 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_254 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_254 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_254 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_254 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_254 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_254 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_254 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q727A4 - I13. CURRENT APR                             N    X2841
Q728A4 - I14. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2842
Q731A4 - I15. ANOTHER LOAN                            N    X2843
Q706A5 - I5. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2912
Q707A5 - I5. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X2913
Q708A5 - I6. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X2914
DK5_255 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_255 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_255 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_255 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_255 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_255 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_255 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_255 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_255 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_255 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_255 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_255 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_255 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_255 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q710A5 - I7. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X2915
Q711A5 - I8. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS              N    X2917A
Q712A5 - I8YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X2917
Q713A5 - I8PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X2916
Q714A5 - I9. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT                N    X2918
DK5_256 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_256 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_256 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_256 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_256 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_256 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_256 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_256 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_256 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_256 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_256 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_256 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_256 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_256 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q716A5 - I9F. FREQ OF REGULAR PAYMENT                 N    X7523
Q718A5 - I10. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2919
DK5_257 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_257 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_257 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_257 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_257 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_257 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_257 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_257 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_257 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_257 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_257 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_257 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_257 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_257 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q720A5 - I10F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X2920
Q722A5 - I10_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7517
Q723A5 - I11. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X2921
Q724A5 - I11. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X2922
Q725A5 - I12. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2923
DK5_258 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_258 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_258 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_258 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_258 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_258 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_258 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_258 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_258 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_258 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_258 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_258 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_258 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_258 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q727A5 - I13. CURRENT APR                             N    X2924
Q728A5 - I14. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2925
Q731A5 - I15. ANOTHER LOAN                            N    X2926
Q706A6 - I5. MONTH LOAN TAKEN OUT                     N    X2929
Q707A6 - I5. YEAR LOAN TAKEN OUT                      N    X2930
Q708A6 - I6. HOW MUCH BORROWED                        N    X2931
DK5_259 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_259 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_259 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_259 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_259 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_259 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_259 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_259 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_259 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_259 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_259 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_259 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_259 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_259 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q710A6 - I7. REG INSTALL OR OTHER TYPE?               N    X2932
Q711A6 - I8. AGREED TO YEARS OR PAYMENTS              N    X2934A
Q712A6 - I8YRS. NUMBER OF YEARS                       N    X2934
Q713A6 - I8PAY. NUMBER OF PAYMENTS                    N    X2933
Q714A6 - I9. AMOUNT OF REGULAR PAYMENT                N    X2935
DK5_260 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_260 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_260 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_260 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_260 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_260 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_260 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_260 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_260 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_260 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_260 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_260 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_260 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_260 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q716A6 - I9F. FREQ OF REGULAR PAYMENT                 N    X7522
Q718A6 - I10. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENT               N    X2936
DK5_261 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_261 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_261 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_261 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_261 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_261 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_261 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_261 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_261 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_261 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_261 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_261 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_261 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_261 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q720A6 - I10F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X2937
Q722A6 - I10_1. ON, AHEAD, BEHIND SCHED?              N    X7516
Q723A6 - I11. MONTH EXPECT TO REPAY                   N    X2938
Q724A6 - I11. YEAR EXPECT TO REPAY                    N    X2939
Q725A6 - I12. HOW MUCH STILL OWED                     N    X2940
DK5_262 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_262 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_262 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_262 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_262 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_262 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_262 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_262 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_262 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_262 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_262 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_262 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_262 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_262 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q727A6 - I13. CURRENT APR                             N    X2941
Q728A6 - I14. LOAN INSTITUTION ON CARD                N    X2942
Q731A6 - I15. ANOTHER LOAN                            N    X2943
Q840 - I16. TOTAL AMT OWED ON ALL REMAIN              N    X7183
DK5_263 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_263 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_263 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_263 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_263 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_263 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_263 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_263 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_263 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_263 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_263 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_263 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_263 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_263 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1535 - I16_1. AMT OF PMT ON REMAINING                N    X7184
DK5_264 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_264 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_264 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_264 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_264 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_264 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_264 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_264 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_264 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_264 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_264 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_264 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_264 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_264 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1596 - I16_1F. FREQ OF PMTS ON REMAIN                N    X7185
Q732 - I19. ALL PMTS ON, AHEAD, BEHIND?               N    X3004
Q733 - I19_1. EVER BEHIND 2 MO. OR MORE?              N    X3005
Q735 - J2. FORESEEABLE MAJOR EXPENSES?                N    X3010
Q736A1 - J2_1. WHAT KINDS OF OBLIGATIONS              N    X3011
Q736A2 - J2_1. WHAT KINDS OF OBLIGATIONS              N    X3012
Q736A3 - J2_1. WHAT KINDS OF OBLIGATIONS              N    X3013
Q736A4 - J2_1. WHAT KINDS OF OBLIGATIONS              N    X7512
Q736A5 - J2_1. WHAT KINDS OF OBLIGATIONS              N    X7511
Q736A6 - J2_1. WHAT KINDS OF OBLIGATIONS              N    X6667
Q738 - J2_2. SAVING NOW FOR THESE?                    N    X7186
Q739 - J3. PLANNING PERIOD                            N    X3008
Q740 - J5. HOW MUCH FIN RISK WILL TAKE?               N    X3014
Q741A1 - J6. SAVING HABITS                            N    X3015A 
Q741A2 - J6. SAVING HABITS                            N    X3016A 
Q741A3 - J6. SAVING HABITS                            N    X3017A
Q741A4 - J6. SAVING HABITS                            N    X3018A
Q741A5 - J6. SAVING HABITS                            N    X3019A
Q741A6 - J6. SAVING HABITS                            N    X3020A
Q742 - J7. HOW RATE RETIREMENT INCOME                 N    X3023
Q743 - J9. SPEND MORE, EQUAL, LESS INC?               N    X7510
Q744 - J9_1. BOUGHT HOME, AUTO, INVEST?               N    X7509
Q745 - J9_2.W/OUT INVEST, HOW MUCH SPEND              N    X7508
Q746 - J9_3. HOW MADE UP DIFFERENCE                   N    X7507
Q748 - J9_4. BOUGHT HOME, AUTO, INVEST?               N    X7506
Q749 - J10. HOW MUCH SAVINGS DO YOU NEED              N    X7187
DK5_265 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_265 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_265 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_265 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_265 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_265 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_265 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_265 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_265 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_265 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_265 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_265 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_265 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_265 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q751 - N1. HAVE ANY CHECKING ACCOUNTS?                N    X3501
Q752 - N2. EVER HAD CHECKING ACCOUNT?                 N    X3502
Q753 - N2_1. REASON NO CHECKING ACCOUNT               N    X3503
Q756 - N3. NUMBER OF CHECKING ACCOUNTS                N    X6695
Q758A1 - N4. INSTITUTION                              N    X3505
Q761A1 - N5. AMOUNT IN CHECKING ACCOUNT               N    X3506
DK5_266 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_266 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_266 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_266 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_266 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_266 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_266 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_266 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_266 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_266 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_266 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_266 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_266 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_266 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q763A1 - N6. MONEY-MARKET TYPE ACCOUNT?               N    X3507
Q764A1 - N6_2. JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7601
Q766A1 - N7. ANOTHER CHECKING ACCOUNT?                N    X3508
Q758A2 - N4. INSTITUTION                              N    X3509
Q761A2 - N5. AMOUNT IN CHECKING ACCOUNT               N    X3510
DK5_267 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_267 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_267 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_267 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_267 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_267 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_267 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_267 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_267 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_267 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_267 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_267 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_267 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_267 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q763A2 - N6. MONEY-MARKET TYPE ACCOUNT?               N    X3511
Q764A2 - N6_2. JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7603
Q766A2 - N7. ANOTHER CHECKING ACCOUNT?                N    X3512
Q758A3 - N4. INSTITUTION                              N    X3513
Q761A3 - N5. AMOUNT IN CHECKING ACCOUNT               N    X3514
DK5_268 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_268 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_268 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_268 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_268 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_268 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_268 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_268 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_268 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_268 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_268 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_268 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_268 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_268 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q763A3 - N6. MONEY-MARKET TYPE ACCOUNT?               N    X3515
Q764A3 - N6_2. JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7605
Q766A3 - N7. ANOTHER CHECKING ACCOUNT?                N    X3516
Q758A4 - N4. INSTITUTION                              N    X3517
Q761A4 - N5. AMOUNT IN CHECKING ACCOUNT               N    X3518
DK5_269 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_269 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_269 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_269 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_269 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_269 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_269 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_269 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_269 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_269 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_269 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_269 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_269 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_269 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q763A4 - N6. MONEY-MARKET TYPE ACCOUNT?               N    X3519
Q764A4 - N6_2. JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7607
Q766A4 - N7. ANOTHER CHECKING ACCOUNT?                N    X3520
Q758A5 - N4. INSTITUTION                              N    X3521
Q761A5 - N5. AMOUNT IN CHECKING ACCOUNT               N    X3522
DK5_270 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_270 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_270 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_270 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_270 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_270 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_270 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_270 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_270 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_270 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_270 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_270 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_270 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_270 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q763A5 - N6. MONEY-MARKET TYPE ACCOUNT?               N    X3523
Q764A5 - N6_2. JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7609
Q766A5 - N7. ANOTHER CHECKING ACCOUNT?                N    X3524
Q758A6 - N4. INSTITUTION                              N    X3525
Q761A6 - N5. AMOUNT IN CHECKING ACCOUNT               N    X3526
DK5_271 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_271 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_271 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_271 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_271 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_271 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_271 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_271 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_271 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_271 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_271 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_271 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_271 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_271 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q763A6 - N6. MONEY-MARKET TYPE ACCOUNT?               N    X3527
Q764A6 - N6_2. JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7611
Q766A6 - N7. ANOTHER CHECKING ACCOUNT?                N    X3528
Q767 - N8. AMT IN REMAIN CHECK ACCOUNTS               N    X3529
DK5_272 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_272 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_272 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_272 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_272 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_272 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_272 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_272 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_272 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_272 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_272 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_272 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_272 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_272 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q769 - CHECKING                                       N    NULL
Q770 - N9. REASON CHOSE INSTITUTION                   N    X3530
Q772 - N9_1. # OF YEARS W/INSTITUTION                 N    X3531
Q774 - N10. HAVE ANY IRA/KEOGH ACCOUNTS               N    X3601
Q776A1 - N10_1. IRA/KEOGH ACCOUNTS YOURS              N    X3602
Q777A1 - N11. NUMBER OF IRA/KEO ACCOUNTS              N    X3603
Q779A1 - N12. IRA OR KEOGH?                           N    X3604A
Q780A1B1 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3606
Q780A1B2 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3607
Q780A1B3 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3608
Q780A1B4 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3609
Q780A1B5 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7501
Q780A1B6 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X6721
Q780A1B7 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7501B
Q780A1B8 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7501C
Q780A1B9 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7501D
Q780A1BM - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7501E
Q780A1BN - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7501F
Q783A1 - N14. TOTAL AMOUNT IN ACCOUNTS                N    X3610
DK5_273 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_273 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_273 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_273 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_273 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_273 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_273 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_273 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_273 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_273 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_273 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_273 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_273 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_273 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q776A2 - N10_1. IRA/KEOGH ACCOUNTS SP/P               N    X3612
Q777A2 - N11. NUMBER OF IRA/KE ACCOUNTS               N    X3613
Q779A2 - N12. IRA OR KEOGH?                           N    X3614A
Q780A2B1 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3616 
Q780A2B2 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3617 
Q780A2B3 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3618 
Q780A2B4 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3619
Q780A2B5 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7502
Q780A2B6 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X6722
Q780A2B7 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7502B
Q780A2B8 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7502C
Q780A2B9 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7502D
Q780A2BM - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7502E
Q780A2BN - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7502F
Q783A2 - N14. TOTAL AMOUNT IN ACCOUNTS                N    X3620
DK5_274 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_274 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_274 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_274 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_274 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_274 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_274 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_274 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_274 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_274 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_274 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_274 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_274 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_274 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q776A3 - N10_1. IRA/KEOGH ACCOUNTS OTHER              N    X3622
Q777A3 - N11. NUMBER OF IRA/KEO ACCOUNTS              N    X3623
Q779A3 - N12. IRA OR KEOGH?                           N    X3624A
Q780A3B1 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3626 
Q780A3B2 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3627
Q780A3B3 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3628
Q780A3B4 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X3629
Q780A3B5 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7503
Q780A3B6 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7503A
Q780A3B7 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7503B
Q780A3B8 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7503C
Q780A3B9 - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7503D
Q780A3BM - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7503E
Q780A3BN - N13. INSTITUTION                           N    X7503F
Q783A3 - N14. TOTAL AMOUNT IN ACCOUNTS                N    X3630
DK5_275 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_275 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_275 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_275 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_275 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_275 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_275 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_275 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_275 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_275 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_275 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_275 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_275 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_275 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q787 - N15. HOW IS IRA/KEOGH INVESTED?                N    X3631
Q790 - N16. HAVE MONEY-MARKET ACCOUNTS?               N    X3701
Q791 - N16_1. NUMBER OF MONEY-MARKET ACC              N    X6696
Q793A1 - N17. CHECK WRITING PRIVILEGES?               N    X3703
Q794A1 - N18. TAX-FREE ACCOUNT?                       N    X3704
Q795A1 - N19. INSTITUTION                             N    X3705
Q798A1 - N20. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                       N    X3706
DK5_276 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_276 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_276 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_276 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_276 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_276 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_276 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_276 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_276 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_276 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_276 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_276 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_276 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_276 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q800A1 - N20_2.JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7613
Q802A1 - N21. ANOTHER MONEY-MARKET ACCT?              N    X3707
Q793A2 - N17. CHECK WRITING PRIVILEGES?               N    X3708
Q794A2 - N18. TAX-FREE ACCOUNT?                       N    X3709
Q795A2 - N19. INSTITUTION                             N    X3710
Q798A2 - N20. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                       N    X3711
DK5_277 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_277 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_277 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_277 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_277 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_277 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_277 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_277 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_277 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_277 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_277 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_277 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_277 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_277 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q800A2 - N20_2.JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7615
Q802A2 - N21. ANOTHER MONEY-MARKET ACCT?              N    X3712
Q793A3 - N17. CHECK WRITING PRIVILEGES?               N    X3713
Q794A3 - N18. TAX-FREE ACCOUNT?                       N    X3714
Q795A3 - N19. INSTITUTION                             N    X3715
Q798A3 - N20. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                       N    X3716
DK5_278 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_278 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_278 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_278 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_278 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_278 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_278 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_278 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_278 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_278 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_278 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_278 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_278 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_278 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q800A3 - N20_2.JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7617
Q802A3 - N21. ANOTHER MONEY-MARKET ACCT?              N    X3717
Q803 - N21_1. AMOUNT IN REMAINING ACCTS               N    X3718
DK5_279 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_279 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_279 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_279 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_279 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_279 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_279 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_279 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_279 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_279 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_279 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_279 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_279 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_279 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q805 - MONEY MARKET.                                  N    NULL
Q807 - N22. DO YOU HAVE ANY CDS?                      N    X3719
Q808 - N22_1. TOTAL NUMBER OF CDS                     N    X3720
Q809 - N22_2. TOTAL VALUE OF CDS                      N    X3721
DK5_280 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_280 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_280 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_280 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_280 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_280 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_280 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_280 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_280 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_280 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_280 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_280 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_280 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_280 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q811A1 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X3722 
Q811A2 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X3723
Q811A3 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X3724
Q811A4 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X3725
Q811A5 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X7618
Q811A6 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X6654
Q811A7 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X6655
Q811A8 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X7618C
Q811A9 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                            N    X7618D
Q811A10 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                           N    X7618E
Q811A11 - N22_3.INSTITUTION                           N    X7618F
Q814 - N22_4. JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME?              N    X7620
Q816 - N23. ANY OTHER SAVINGS ACCOUNTS?               N    X3801
Q817 - N23_1. NUMBER OF OTHER ACCOUNTS                N    X6697
Q819A1 - N24. INSTITUTION                             N    X3803
Q823A1 - N25. AMOUNT IN SAVINGS ACCOUNT               N    X3804
DK5_281 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_281 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_281 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_281 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_281 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_281 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_281 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_281 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_281 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_281 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_281 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_281 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_281 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_281 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q825A1 - N25_2.JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7622
Q827A1 - N26. ANOTHER SAVINGS ACCOUNT?                N    X3805
Q819A2 - N24. INSTITUTION                             N    X3806
Q823A2 - N25. AMOUNT IN SAVINGS ACCOUNT               N    X3807
DK5_282 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_282 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_282 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_282 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_282 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_282 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_282 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_282 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_282 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_282 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_282 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_282 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_282 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_282 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q825A2 - N25_2.JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7624
Q827A2 - N26. ANOTHER SAVINGS ACCOUNT?                N    X3808
Q819A3 - N24. INSTITUTION                             N    X3809
Q823A3 - N25. AMOUNT IN SAVINGS ACCOUNT               N    X3810
DK5_283 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_283 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_283 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_283 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_283 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_283 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_283 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_283 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_283 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_283 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_283 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_283 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_283 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_283 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q825A3 - N25_2.JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7626
Q827A3 - N26. ANOTHER SAVINGS ACCOUNT?                N    X3811
Q819A4 - N24. INSTITUTION                             N    X3812
Q823A4 - N25. AMOUNT IN SAVINGS ACCOUNT               N    X3813
DK5_284 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_284 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_284 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_284 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_284 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_284 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_284 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_284 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_284 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_284 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_284 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_284 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_284 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_284 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q825A4 - N25_2.JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7628
Q827A4 - N26. ANOTHER SAVINGS ACCOUNT?                N    X3814
Q819A5 - N24. INSTITUTION                             N    X3815
Q823A5 - N25. AMOUNT IN SAVINGS ACCOUNT               N    X3816
DK5_285 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_285 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_285 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_285 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_285 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_285 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_285 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_285 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_285 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_285 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_285 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_285 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_285 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_285 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q825A5 - N25_2.JOINT, YOUR, SPOUSES NAME              N    X7630
Q827A5 - N26. ANY REMAIN SAVINGS ACCTS?               N    X3817
Q828 - N26_1. AMT IN REMAIN SAVINGS ACCT              N    X3818
DK5_286 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_286 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_286 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_286 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_286 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_286 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_286 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_286 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_286 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_286 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_286 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_286 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_286 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_286 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q830 - SAVINGS.                                       N    NULL
Q831 - N27. SHARES IN MUTUAL FUNDS?                   N    X3819
Q833A1 - N28. HAVE STOCK FUNDS?                       N    X3821
Q834A1 - N29. TOTAL MKT VAL STOCK FUNDS               N    X3822
DK5_287 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_287 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_287 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_287 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_287 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_287 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_287 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_287 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_287 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_287 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_287 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_287 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_287 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_287 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q833A2 - N28. HAVE TAX FREE BOND FUNDS?               N    X3823
Q834A2 - N29. TOT MKT VAL TAX FREE BONDS              N    X3824
DK5_288 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_288 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_288 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_288 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_288 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_288 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_288 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_288 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_288 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_288 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_288 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_288 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_288 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_288 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q833A3 - N28. HAVE GOVT BACKED BOND FUND              N    X3825
Q834A3 - N29. TOT MKT VAL GVMT BACK BOND              N    X3826
DK5_289 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_289 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_289 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_289 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_289 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_289 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_289 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_289 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_289 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_289 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_289 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_289 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_289 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_289 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q833A4 - N28. HAVE OTHER BOND FUNDS?                  N    X3827
Q834A4 - N29. TOTAL MKT VAL OTHER BONDS               N    X3828
DK5_290 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_290 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_290 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_290 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_290 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_290 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_290 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_290 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_290 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_290 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_290 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_290 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_290 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_290 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q833A5 - N28. HAVE COMBINATION FUNDS?                 N    X3829
Q834A5 - N29. TOTAL MKT VAL COMBO FUNDS               N    X3830
DK5_291 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_291 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_291 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_291 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_291 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_291 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_291 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_291 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_291 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_291 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_291 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_291 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_291 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_291 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q838 - N29_6. TOTAL VAL ALL MUTUAL FUNDS              N    X6704
DK5_292 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_292 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_292 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_292 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_292 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_292 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_292 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_292 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_292 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_292 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_292 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_292 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_292 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_292 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q842 - N27_1. TOTAL NUMBER MUTUAL FUNDS               N    X3820
Q843 - N30. OVERALL GAIN OR LOSE VALUE?               N    X3831
Q844 - N30_1. PERCENT OR AMOUNT GAINED                N    X3832A
Q845 - N30_1A. PERCENT GAIN                           N    X3832
Q846 - N30_1B. AMOUNT GAIN                            N    X3833
DK5_293 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_293 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_293 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_293 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_293 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_293 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_293 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_293 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_293 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_293 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_293 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_293 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_293 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_293 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q848 - N30_2. PERCENT OR AMOUNT LOST                  N    X3834A
Q849 - N30_2A. PERCENT LOST                           N    X3834
Q850 - N30_2B. AMOUNT LOST                            N    X3835
DK5_294 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_294 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_294 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_294 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_294 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_294 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_294 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_294 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_294 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_294 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_294 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_294 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_294 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_294 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q852 - N31. HAVE GVMT SAVINGS BONDS?                  N    X3901
Q853 - N31_1. VALUE OF SAVINGS BONDS                  N    X3902
DK5_295 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_295 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_295 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_295 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_295 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_295 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_295 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_295 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_295 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_295 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_295 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_295 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_295 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_295 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q855 - N32. HAVE ANY OTHER BONDS?                     N    X3903
Q857A1 - N33_1-5. MORTGAGE BACKED BONDS?              N    X3905
Q858A1 - N34_1-5. FACE VALUE MORT BACKED              N    X3906
DK5_296 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_296 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_296 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_296 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_296 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_296 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_296 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_296 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_296 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_296 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_296 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_296 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_296 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_296 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q860A1 - N34_6-11. TOT MKT VAL MORT BACK              N    X7635
DK5_297 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_297 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_297 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_297 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_297 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_297 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_297 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_297 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_297 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_297 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_297 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_297 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_297 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_297 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q857A2 - N33_1-5. HAVE GVMT BONDS/T BILL              N    X3907
Q858A2 - N34_1-5. FACE VAL GVMT/T BILLS               N    X3908
DK5_298 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_298 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_298 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_298 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_298 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_298 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_298 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_298 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_298 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_298 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_298 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_298 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_298 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_298 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q860A2 - N34_6-11. TOTAL MKT VAL T BILLS              N    X7636
DK5_299 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_299 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_299 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_299 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_299 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_299 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_299 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_299 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_299 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_299 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_299 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_299 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_299 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_299 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q857A3 - N33_1-5. HAVE STATE/MUNIC BONDS              N    X3909
Q858A3 - N34_1-5. FACE VAL STATE/MUNIC                N    X3910
DK5_300 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_300 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_300 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_300 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_300 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_300 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_300 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_300 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_300 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_300 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_300 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_300 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_300 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_300 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q860A3 - N34_6-11. TOT MKT VAL STATE/MUN              N    X7637
DK5_301 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_301 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_301 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_301 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_301 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_301 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_301 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_301 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_301 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_301 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_301 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_301 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_301 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_301 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q857A4 - N33_1-5. HAVE ANY FOREIGN BONDS              N    X7631
Q858A4 - N34_1-5. FACE VAL FOREIGN BONDS              N    X7633
DK5_302 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_302 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_302 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_302 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_302 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_302 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_302 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_302 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_302 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_302 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_302 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_302 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_302 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_302 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q860A4 - N34_6-11. TOT MKT VAL FOR BONDS              N    X7638
DK5_303 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_303 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_303 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_303 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_303 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_303 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_303 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_303 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_303 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_303 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_303 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_303 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_303 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_303 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q857A5 - N33_1-5. HAVE ANY CORP BONDS?                N    X7632
Q858A5 - N34_1-5. FACE VALUE CORP BONDS               N    X7634
DK5_304 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_304 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_304 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_304 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_304 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_304 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_304 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_304 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_304 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_304 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_304 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_304 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_304 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_304 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q860A5 - N34_6-11. TOT MKT VAL CORP BOND              N    X7639
DK5_305 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_305 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_305 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_305 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_305 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_305 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_305 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_305 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_305 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_305 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_305 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_305 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_305 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_305 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q864 - N34_12. TOT FACE VAL ALL BONDS                 N    X6705
DK5_306 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_306 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_306 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_306 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_306 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_306 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_306 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_306 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_306 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_306 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_306 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_306 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_306 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_306 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q866 - N34_13. TOT MKT VALUE ALL BONDS                N    X6706
DK5_307 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_307 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_307 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_307 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_307 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_307 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_307 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_307 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_307 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_307 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_307 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_307 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_307 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_307 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q868 - N32_1. HOW MANY DIFF BONDS OWN?                N    X3904
Q870 - N35. HAVE ANY PUBLIC TRADED STOCK              N    X3913
Q871 - N36. NUMBER OF DIFFERENT STOCKS                N    X3914
Q872 - N37. TOTAL MARKET VALUE OF STOCKS              N    X3915
DK5_308 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_308 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_308 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_308 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_308 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_308 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_308 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_308 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_308 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_308 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_308 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_308 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_308 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_308 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q883 - N39. STOCK IN COMPANY WHERE WORK?              N    X3921
Q884 - N39_05.THIS STOCK INCLUDED IN TOT              N    X7191
Q885 - N39_1. MARKET VALUE OF STOCK                   N    X3922
DK5_309 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_309 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_309 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_309 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_309 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_309 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_309 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_309 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_309 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_309 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_309 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_309 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_309 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_309 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q887 - N39_2. HAVE STOCK IN FOREIGN CO?               N    X7640
Q888 - N39_2_1. FOREIGN STOCK INCLUDED?               N    X7192
Q890 - N39_3. MARKET VALUE OF STOCK                   N    X7641
DK5_310 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_310 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_310 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_310 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_310 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_310 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_310 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_310 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_310 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_310 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_310 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_310 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_310 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_310 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q874 - N38. OVERALL GAIN OR LOSE VALUE?               N    X3916
Q875 - N38_1. PERCENT OR AMOUNT GAINED                N    X3917A
Q876 - N38_1A. PERCENT GAINED                         N    X3917
Q877 - N38_1B. AMOUNT GAINED                          N    X3918
DK5_311 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_311 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_311 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_311 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_311 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_311 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_311 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_311 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_311 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_311 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_311 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_311 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_311 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_311 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q879 - N38_2. PERCENT OR AMOUNT LOST                  N    X3919A
Q880 - N38_2A. PERCENT LOST                           N    X3919
Q881 - N38_2B. AMOUNT LOST                            N    X3920
DK5_312 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_312 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_312 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_312 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_312 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_312 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_312 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_312 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_312 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_312 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_312 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_312 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_312 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_312 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q892 - N40. HAVE BROKERAGE ACCOUNT?                   N    X3923
Q893A1 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X3924 
Q893A2 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X3925
Q893A3 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X3926
Q893A4 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X3927
Q893A5 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X7642
Q893A6 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X6668
Q893A7 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X6669
Q893A8 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X7642C
Q893A9 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                            N    X7642D
Q893A10 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                           N    X7642E
Q893A11 - N40_1.INSTITUTION                           N    X7642F
Q896 - N40_2.TIMES BOUGHT OR SOLD STOCKS              N    X3928
Q897 - N40_2F.FREQ BOUGHT OR SOLD STOCKS              N    X7193
Q899 - N40_3.CASH/CALL MONEY ACCOUNTS?                N    X3929
Q900 - N40_4.VAL OF CASH/CALL MONEY ACCT              N    X3930
DK5_313 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_313 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_313 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_313 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_313 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_313 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_313 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_313 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_313 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_313 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_313 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_313 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_313 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_313 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q902 - N40_5. MARGIN LOANS?                           N    X3931
Q903 - N40_5A. TELL ME EARLIER?                       N    X7194
Q904 - N40_5B. WHERE?                                 N    X7195
Q905 - N40_6. BALANCE ON MARGIN LOANS                 N    X3932
DK5_314 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_314 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_314 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_314 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_314 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_314 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_314 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_314 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_314 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_314 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_314 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_314 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_314 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_314 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q907 - N41. INCOME FROM TRUST, ANNUITY?               N    X3933
Q908A1 - N42.TRUST, ANNU, MANAGE INVEST?              N    X3934A 
Q908A2 - N42.TRUST, ANNU, MANAGE INVEST?              N    X3935A 
Q908A3 - N42.TRUST, ANNU, MANAGE INVEST?              N    X3936A
Q908A4 - N42.TRUST, ANNU, MANAGE INVEST?              N    X3937A
Q910 - N43. ENTITLED ONLY TO INCOME?                  N    X3938
Q911 - N43_1.AMOUNT OF INCOME FROM TRUST              N    X3939
DK5_315 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_315 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_315 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_315 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_315 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_315 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_315 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_315 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_315 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_315 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_315 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_315 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_315 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_315 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q913 - N43_2. TRUSTS W/EQUITY INTEREST?               N    X3940
Q914 - N43_3. DOLLAR AMOUNT OF INTEREST               N    X3941
DK5_316 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_316 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_316 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_316 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_316 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_316 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_316 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_316 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_316 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_316 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_316 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_316 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_316 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_316 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q916 - N44. VALUE OF INTEREST                         N    X3942
DK5_317 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_317 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_317 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_317 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_317 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_317 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_317 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_317 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_317 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_317 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_317 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_317 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_317 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_317 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q918A1 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X3943 
Q918A2 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X3944
Q918A3 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X3945
Q918A4 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X3946
Q918A5 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X7643
Q918A6 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X7643A
Q918A7 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X7643B
Q918A8 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X7643C
Q918A9 - N45. INSTITUTION                             N    X7643D
Q918A10 - N45. INSTITUTION                            N    X7643E
Q918A11 - N45. INSTITUTION                            N    X7643F
Q921 - N46. HOW TRUST MONEY INVESTED?                 N    X3947
Q924 - N47. HAVE LIFE INSURANCE?                      N    X4001
Q925 - N48. HAVE INDIVIDUAL TERM POLICY?              N    X4002
Q926 - N48_1. FACE VALUE OF POLICIES                  N    X4003
DK5_318 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_318 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_318 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_318 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_318 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_318 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_318 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_318 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_318 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_318 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_318 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_318 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_318 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_318 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q928 - N48_2. HAVE WHOLE LIFE POLICY?                 N    X4004
Q929 - N49.HAVE POLICY BUILDS CASH VALUE              N    X7644
Q931 - N49_1. FACE VALUE OF POLICY                    N    X4005
DK5_319 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_319 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_319 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_319 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_319 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_319 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_319 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_319 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_319 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_319 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_319 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_319 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_319 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_319 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q933 - N49_2. CASH VALUE OF POLICIES                  N    X4006
DK5_320 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_320 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_320 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_320 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_320 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_320 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_320 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_320 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_320 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_320 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_320 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_320 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_320 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_320 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q935 - N49_3. BORROWING AGAINST POLICY?               N    X4007
Q936 - N49_4. NET OR GROSS VALUE                      N    X4008
Q937 - N49_5. RECORD LOANS EARLIER?                   N    X4009
Q938 - N49_6. WHICH PREV RECORDED LOAN?               N    X7645
Q940 - N49_7. AMOUNT CURRENTLY BORROWED               N    X4010
DK5_321 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_321 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_321 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_321 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_321 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_321 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_321 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_321 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_321 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_321 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_321 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_321 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_321 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_321 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q942 - N49_8. AMOUNT OF TYPICAL PAYMENTS              N    X4011
DK5_322 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_322 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_322 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_322 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_322 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_322 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_322 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_322 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_322 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_322 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_322 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_322 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_322 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_322 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q944 - N49_8F. FREQ OF TYPICAL PAYMENT                N    X4012
Q946 - N49_9. ANNUAL RATE OF INTEREST                 N    X4013
Q947 - N49_10. AMT OF PMT ON POLICY                   N    X4014
DK5_323 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_323 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_323 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_323 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_323 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_323 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_323 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_323 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_323 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_323 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_323 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_323 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_323 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_323 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q949 - N49_10F. FREQ OF PAYMENT                       N    X4015
Q951 - N50. FACE VALUE OF LIFE INSURANCE              N    X4016
DK5_324 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_324 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_324 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_324 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_324 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_324 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_324 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_324 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_324 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_324 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_324 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_324 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_324 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_324 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q953 - N51.OWED MONEY BY FRIENDS/OTHERS?              N    X4017
Q954 - N51_1. AMOUNT OWED TO R                        N    X4018
DK5_325 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_325 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_325 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_325 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_325 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_325 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_325 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_325 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_325 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_325 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_325 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_325 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_325 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_325 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q956 - N52. HAVE ANY OTHER ASSETS?                    N    X4019
Q960A1 - N52_2. VALUE HAVE IN ASSET                   N    X4022
DK5_326 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_326 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_326 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_326 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_326 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_326 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_326 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_326 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_326 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_326 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_326 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_326 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_326 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_326 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q962A1 - N52_3. ANY OTHER ASSETS?                     N    X4023
Q960A2 - N52_2. VALUE HAVE IN ASSET                   N    X4026
DK5_327 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_327 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_327 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_327 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_327 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_327 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_327 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_327 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_327 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_327 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_327 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_327 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_327 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_327 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q962A2 - N52_3. ANY OTHER ASSETS?                     N    X4027
Q960A3 - N52_2. VALUE HAVE IN ASSET                   N    X4030
DK5_328 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_328 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_328 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_328 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_328 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_328 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_328 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_328 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_328 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_328 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_328 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_328 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_328 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_328 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q962A3 - N52_3. ANY OTHER ASSETS?                     N    X4030A
Q963 - N53. OWE ANY OTHER MONEY?                      N    X4031
Q964 - N53_1. AMOUNT OWED                             N    X4032
DK5_329 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_329 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_329 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_329 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_329 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_329 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_329 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_329 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_329 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_329 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_329 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_329 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_329 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_329 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q967 - N55.ACCT HELD IN FOREIGN CURRENCY              N    X7647  
Q977A1 - R0. WHO IS PROVIDING INFO?                   N    X7196
Q979A1B1 - R1. R PRESENT JOB STATUS                   N    X6670
Q979A1B2 - R1. R PRESENT JOB STATUS                   N    X6671
Q979A1B3 - R1. R PRESENT JOB STATUS                   N    X6672
Q979A1B4 - R1. R PRESENT JOB STATUS                   N    X6673
Q979A1B5 - R1. R PRESENT JOB STATUS                   N    X6674
Q979A1B6 - R1. R PRESENT JOB STATUS                   N    X6675
Q979A1B7 - R1. R PRESENT JOB STATUS                   N    X6676
Q979A1B8 - R1. R PRESENT JOB STATUS                   N    X6677
Q981A1 - R1_1. EXPECT TO GO BACK TO JOB               N    X4101
Q982A1 - R1_2. WHEN LAST WORK - MONTH                 N    X4102 
Q983A1 - R1_2. WHEN LAST WORK - YEAR                  N    X4103
Q984A1 - R1_3. DOING ANY WORK CURRENTLY?              N    X7588
Q985A1 - R1_4. DISABLED: YEAR, AGE, AGO               N    X4104A
Q986A1 - R1_4YR. YEAR WHEN DISABLED                   N    X4104
Q987A1 - R1_4AGE. AGE WHEN DISABLED                   N    X7197
Q988A1 - R1_4YRS. YEARS AGO DISABLED                  N    X7198
Q989A1 - R1_5. DOING ANY WORK CURRENTLY?              N    X4105
Q990A1 - R2. EMPLOYED BY ELSE OR SELF?                N    X4106
Q995A1 - R6. HOURS IN NORMAL WEEK                     N    X4110
Q996A1 - R7. WEEKS IN NORMAL YEAR                     N    X4111
Q997A1 - R8. AMOUNT EARNED BEFORE TAXES               N    X4112
DK5_330 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_330 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_330 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_330 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_330 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_330 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_330 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_330 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_330 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_330 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_330 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_330 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_330 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_330 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q999A1 - R8F. FREQ OF EARNINGS REPORTED               N    X4113
Q1001A1 - R8_1. EARN IN PAST YEAR                     N    X6657
DK5_331 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_331 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_331 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_331 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_331 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_331 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_331 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_331 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_331 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_331 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_331 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_331 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_331 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_331 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1003A1 - R9. HOW MANY EMPLOYEES                      N    X4114    
Q1004A1 - R10. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                         N    X4115A
Q1005A1 - R10YRS. YEARS WORKED FOR EMP                N    X4115
Q1006A1 - R10AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                     N    X7199
Q1007A1 - R10YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                     N    X7679
Q1008A1 - R11. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                         N    X4116A
Q1009A1 - R11YRS. # YEARS EXPECT TO WORK              N    X4116
Q1010A1 - R11AGE. UNTIL WHAT AGE?                     N    X7680
Q1584A1 - R11YR. UNTIL WHAT YEAR?                     N    X7200
Q1011A1 - R12. JOB COVERED BY UNION CONT              N    X4117
Q1012A1 - R13. INSURANCE IF DISABLED?                 N    X7681
Q1015A1 - R14_2. HOURS IN NORMAL WEEK-SE              N    X4123
Q1016A1 - R14_3. WEEKS IN NORMAL YEAR-SE              N    X4124
Q1017A1 - R14_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X4121A
Q1018A1 - R14_4YRS. YRS IN THIS BUSINESS              N    X4121
Q1019A1 - R14_4AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                   N    X7201
Q1020A1 - R14_4YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                   N    X7682
Q1021A1 - R14_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X4122A
Q1022A1 - R14_5YRS.YRS EXPCT TO CONTINUE              N    X4122
Q1023A1 - R14_5AGE. UNTIL WHAT AGE?                   N    X7683
Q1024A1 - R14_5YR. UNTIL WHAT YEAR?                   N    X7202
Q1025A1 - R14_6. PAID REGULAR SALARY-SE?              N    X4125
Q1026A1 - R14_7. AMT EARNED BEFORE TAXES              N    X4129
DK5_332 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_332 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_332 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_332 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_332 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_332 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_332 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_332 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_332 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_332 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_332 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_332 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_332 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_332 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1028A1 - R14_7F. FREQ OF REPORT EARN-SE              N    X4130
Q1030A1 - R14_8. PAID PORTION OF NET-SE?              N    X4127
Q1031A1 - R14_9. NONSALARY EARNINGS-SE                N    X4131
DK5_333 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_333 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_333 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_333 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_333 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_333 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_333 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_333 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_333 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_333 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_333 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_333 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_333 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_333 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1033A1 - R14_9. FREQ OF NONSALARY EARN               N    X4132
Q1035A1 - R14_10. NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES                 N    X7203
Q1036A1 - R14_11. JOB COVERED BY UNION?               N    X4133
Q1037A1 - R14_12. INSURANCE IF DISABLED?              N    X7684
Q1038A1 - R14_13. ANY PENSIONS THRU JOB?              N    X4134
Q1039A1 - R15. ANY PENSIONS THRU JOB?                 N    X4135
Q1040A1 - R16. EMPLOYER OFFER PLANS?                  N    X4136
Q1041A1 - R16_1. ELIGIBLE FOR PLANS?                  N    X4137
Q1042A1A - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7204A 
Q1042A1B - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7204B
Q1042A1C - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7204C 
Q1042A1D - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7204D 
Q1042A1E - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7204E
Q1044A1 - R16_3. WILL YOU BE ELIGIBLE?                N    X4138
Q1046A1 - R17. NUMBER OF PLANS                        N    X4139
Q1047A1 - R17_1.CURRENTLY RECEIVING PMTS              N    X4140
Q1048A1 - R17_2.ANY NOT YET RECEIVE PMTS              N    X4141
Q1049A1 - R17_3. NUMBER OF PLANS                      N    X6698
Q1051A11 - R19. PENSION OR TAX-DEFER SAV              N    X4202
Q1053A11 - R20. FORMULA OR ACCOUNT PLAN               N    X4203
Q1054A11 - R21. AMOUNT ACCUMULATED                    N    X4204
DK5_334 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_334 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_334 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_334 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_334 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_334 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_334 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_334 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_334 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_334 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_334 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_334 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_334 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_334 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1056A11 - R21_05.CAN BORROW AGNST ACCT?              N    X7205
Q1057A11 - R21_1. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                      N    X7685A
Q1058A11 - R21_1YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN               N    X7685
Q1059A11 - R21_1AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                  N    X7206
Q1060A11 - R21_1YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                  N    X7207
Q1061A11 - R22. MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS NOW?               N    X4205
Q1062A11 - R23. PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE               N    X4206A
Q1063A11 - R23_1PCT. PERCENT PAID                     N    X4206
Q1064A11 - R23_1AMT. AMT/VARIABLE PAID                N    X4207
DK5_335 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_335 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_335 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_335 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_335 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_335 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_335 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_335 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_335 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_335 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_335 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_335 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_335 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_335 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1066A11 - R23_1F. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTIONS              N    X4208
Q1068A11 - R24. AGE/YEARS/YEAR                        N    X4209A
Q1069A11 - R24AGE. AGE EXPECT TO RECEIVE              N    X4209
Q1070A11 - R24YEARS. IN NUMBER OF YEARS               N    X7686
Q1071A11 - R24YEAR. IN YEAR                           N    X7208
Q1072A11 - R25. AMT/PERCENT OF FINAL PAY              N    X6661
Q1073A11 - R25AMT. AMOUNT OF BENEFITS                 N    X4210
DK5_336 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_336 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_336 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_336 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_336 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_336 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_336 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_336 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_336 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_336 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_336 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_336 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_336 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_336 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1075A11 - R25PCT. PERCENT OF FINAL PAY               N    X4212
Q1076A11 - R25F. FREQUENCY OF BENEFITS                N    X4211
Q1078A11 - R26. LEAVE JOB, WHAT HAPPENS?              N    X4213 
Q1080A11 - R26_1. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4214
DK5_337 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_337 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_337 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_337 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_337 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_337 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_337 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_337 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_337 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_337 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_337 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_337 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_337 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_337 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1082A11 - R26_1F. FREQUENCY OF BENEFIT               N    X7691
Q1084A11 - R26_2. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4214A
DK5_338 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_338 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_338 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_338 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_338 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_338 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_338 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_338 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_338 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_338 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_338 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_338 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_338 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_338 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1086A11 - R27. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4215
Q1087A11 - R28. WHAT TYPE? (THRIFT,401K)              N    X4216
Q1089A11 - R29. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                        N    X4217A
Q1090A11 - R29YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN                 N    X4217
Q1091A11 - R29AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                    N    X7209
Q1092A11 - R29YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                    N    X7210
Q1093A11 - R30. EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTE?                  N    X4218
Q1094A11 - R30_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4219A
Q1095A11 - R30_2A.  PERCENT PAID                      N    X4219
Q1096A11 - R30_2B. AMOUNT/VARIABLE PAID               N    X4220
DK5_339 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_339 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_339 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_339 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_339 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_339 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_339 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_339 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_339 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_339 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_339 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_339 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_339 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_339 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1098A11 - R30_2. FREQ OF EMPLOYER CONT               N    X4221
Q1100A11 - R31. WITHDRAW FOR EMERGENCY?               N    X4231
Q1101A11 - R32. BORROW AGAINST ACCOUNT?               N    X4227
Q1102A11 - R33. HAVE LOAN AGAINST ACCT?               N    X4228
Q1103A11 - R33_1. LOAN BALANCE                        N    X4229
DK5_340 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_340 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_340 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_340 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_340 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_340 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_340 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_340 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_340 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_340 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_340 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_340 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_340 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_340 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1105A11 - R33_2. REPORT LOAN EARLIER?                N    X4230
Q1106A11 - R33_3. WHICH LOAN?                         N    X7694
Q1108A11 - R33_4. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS                  N    X7211
DK5_341 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N   
DK8_341 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_341 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_341 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_341 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_341 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_341 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_341 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_341 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_341 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_341 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_341 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_341 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_341 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1110A11 - R33_4F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS              N    X7212
Q1112A11 - R34. CONTRIBUTE TO PLAN NOW?               N    X4222
Q1113A11 - R34_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4223A
Q1114A11 - R34_2A. PERCENT CONTRIBUTED                N    X4223
Q1115A11 - R34_2B. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED                 N    X4224
DK5_342 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_342 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_342 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_342 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_342 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_342 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_342 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_342 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_342 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_342 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_342 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_342 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_342 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_342 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1117A11 - R34_2C. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTION               N    X4225
Q1119A11 - R35. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                     N    X4226
DK5_343 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_343 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_343 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_343 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_343 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_343 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_343 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_343 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_343 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_343 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_343 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_343 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_343 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_343 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1121A11 - R36. IF LEAVE JOB, LOSE ALL?               N    X4232
Q1123A11 - R36_1. PERCENT/AMOUNT                      N    X4233A
Q1124A11 - R36_1PCT. PERCENT LOSE                     N    X4233
Q1125A11 - R36_1AMT. AMOUNT LOSE                      N    X7697
DK5_344 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_344 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_344 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_344 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_344 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_344 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_344 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_344 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_344 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_344 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_344 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_344 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_344 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_344 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1127A11 - R37. HOW INVESTED?                         N    X4234
Q1129A11 - R37_1. CONTROL HOW INVESTED?               N    X7213
Q1130A11 - R38. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4235
Q1051A12 - R19. PENSION OR TAX-DEFER SAV              N    X4302
Q1053A12 - R20. FORMULA OR ACCOUNT PLAN               N    X4303
Q1054A12 - R21. AMOUNT ACCUMULATED                    N    X4304
DK5_345 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_345 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_345 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_345 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_345 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_345 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_345 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_345 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_345 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_345 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_345 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_345 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_345 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_345 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1056A12 - R21_05.CAN BORROW AGNST ACCT?              N    X7214
Q1057A12 - R21_1. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                      N    X7687A
Q1058A12 - R21_1YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN               N    X7687
Q1059A12 - R21_1AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                  N    X7215
Q1060A12 - R21_1YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                  N    X7216
Q1061A12 - R22. MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS NOW?               N    X4305
Q1062A12 - R23. PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE               N    X4306A
Q1063A12 - R23_1PCT. PERCENT PAID                     N    X4306
Q1064A12 - R23_1AMT. AMT/VARIABLE PAID                N    X4307
DK5_346 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_346 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_346 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_346 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_346 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_346 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_346 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_346 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_346 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_346 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_346 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_346 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_346 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_346 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1066A12 - R23_1F. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTIONS              N    X4308
Q1068A12 - R24. AGE/YEARS/YEAR                        N    X4309A
Q1069A12 - R24AGE. AGE EXPECT TO RECEIVE              N    X4309
Q1070A12 - R24YEARS. IN NUMBER OF YEARS               N    X7688
Q1071A12 - R24YEAR. IN YEAR                           N    X7217
Q1072A12 - R25. AMT/PERCENT OF FINAL PAY              N    X6662
Q1073A12 - R25AMT. AMOUNT OF BENEFITS                 N    X4310
DK5_347 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_347 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_347 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_347 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_347 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_347 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_347 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_347 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_347 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_347 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_347 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_347 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_347 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_347 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1075A12 - R25PCT. PERCENT OF FINAL PAY               N    X4312
Q1076A12 - R25F. FREQUENCY OF BENEFITS                N    X4311
Q1078A12 - R26. LEAVE JOB, WHAT HAPPENS?              N    X4313
Q1080A12 - R26_1. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4314
DK5_348 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_348 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_348 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_348 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_348 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_348 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_348 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_348 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_348 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_348 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_348 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_348 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_348 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_348 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1082A12 - R26_1F. FREQUENCY OF BENEFIT               N    X7692
Q1084A12 - R26_2. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4314A
DK5_349 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_349 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_349 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_349 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_349 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_349 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_349 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_349 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_349 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_349 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_349 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_349 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_349 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_349 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1086A12 - R27. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4315
Q1087A12 - R28. WHAT TYPE? (THRIFT,401K)              N    X4316
Q1089A12 - R29. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                        N    X4317A
Q1090A12 - R29YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN                 N    X4317
Q1091A12 - R29AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                    N    X7218
Q1092A12 - R29YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                    N    X7219
Q1093A12 - R30. EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTE?                  N    X4318
Q1094A12 - R30_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4319A
Q1095A12 - R30_2A. PERCENT PAID                       N    X4319
Q1096A12 - R30_2B. AMOUNT/VARIABLE PAID               N    X4320
DK5_350 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_350 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_350 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_350 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_350 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_350 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_350 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_350 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_350 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_350 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_350 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_350 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_350 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_350 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1098A12 - R30_2. FREQ OF EMPLOYER CONT               N    X4321
Q1100A12 - R31. WITHDRAW FOR EMERGENCY?               N    X4331
Q1101A12 - R32. BORROW AGAINST ACCOUNT?               N    X4327
Q1102A12 - R33. HAVE LOAN AGAINST ACCT?               N    X4328
Q1103A12 - R33_1. LOAN BALANCE                        N    X4329 
DK5_351 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_351 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_351 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_351 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_351 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_351 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_351 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_351 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_351 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_351 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_351 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_351 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_351 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_351 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1105A12 - R33_2. REPORT LOAN EARLIER?                N    X4330
Q1106A12 - R33_3. WHICH LOAN?                         N    X7695
Q1108A12 - R33_4. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS                  N    X7220
DK5_352 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_352 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_352 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_352 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_352 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_352 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_352 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_352 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_352 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_352 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_352 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_352 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_352 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_352 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1110A12 - R33_4F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS              N    X7221
Q1112A12 - R34. CONTRIBUTE TO PLAN NOW?               N    X4322
Q1113A12 - R34_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4323A
Q1114A12 - R34_2A. PERCENT CONTRIBUTED                N    X4323
Q1115A12 - R34_2B. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED                 N    X4324
DK5_353 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_353 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_353 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_353 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_353 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_353 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_353 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_353 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_353 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_353 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_353 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_353 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_353 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_353 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1117A12 - R34_2C. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTION               N    X4325
Q1119A12 - R35. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                     N    X4326
DK5_354 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_354 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_354 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_354 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_354 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_354 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_354 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_354 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_354 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_354 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_354 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_354 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_354 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_354 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1121A12 - R36. IF LEAVE JOB, LOSE ALL?               N    X4332
Q1123A12 - R36_1. PERCENT/AMOUNT                      N    X4333A
Q1124A12 - R36_1PCT. PERCENT LOSE                     N    X4333
Q1125A12 - R36_1AMT. AMOUNT LOSE                      N    X7698
DK5_355 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_355 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_355 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_355 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_355 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_355 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_355 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_355 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_355 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_355 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_355 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_355 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_355 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_355 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1127A12 - R37. HOW INVESTED?                         N    X4334
Q1129A12 - R37_1. CONTROL HOW INVESTED?               N    X7222
Q1130A12 - R38. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4335
Q1051A13 - R19. PENSION OR TAX-DEFER SAV              N    X4402
Q1053A13 - R20. FORMULA OR ACCOUNT PLAN               N    X4403
Q1054A13 - R21. AMOUNT ACCUMULATED                    N    X4404
DK5_356 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_356 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_356 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_356 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_356 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_356 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_356 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_356 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_356 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_356 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_356 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_356 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_356 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_356 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1056A13 - R21_05.CAN BORROW AGNST ACCT?              N    X7223
Q1057A13 - R21_1. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                      N    X7689A
Q1058A13 - R21_1YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN               N    X7689
Q1059A13 - R21_1AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                  N    X7224
Q1060A13 - R21_1YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                  N    X7225
Q1061A13 - R22. MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS NOW?               N    X4405
Q1062A13 - R23. PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE               N    X4406A
Q1063A13 - R23_1PCT. PERCENT PAID                     N    X4406
Q1064A13 - R23_1AMT. AMT/VARIABLE PAID                N    X4407
DK5_357 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_357 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_357 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_357 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_357 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_357 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_357 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_357 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_357 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_357 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_357 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_357 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_357 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_357 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1066A13 - R23_1F. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTIONS              N    X4408
Q1068A13 - R24. AGE/YEARS/YEAR                        N    X4409A
Q1069A13 - R24AGE. AGE EXPECT TO RECEIVE              N    X4409
Q1070A13 - R24YEARS. IN NUMBER OF YEARS               N    X7690
Q1071A13 - R24YEAR. IN YEAR                           N    X7226
Q1072A13 - R25. AMT/PERCENT OF FINAL PAY              N    X6663
Q1073A13 - R25AMT. AMOUNT OF BENEFITS                 N    X4410
DK5_358 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_358 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_358 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_358 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_358 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_358 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_358 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_358 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_358 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_358 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_358 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_358 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_358 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_358 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1075A13 - R25PCT. PERCENT OF FINAL PAY               N    X4412
Q1076A13 - R25F. FREQ OF BENEFITS                     N    X4411
Q1078A13 - R26. LEAVE JOB, WHAT HAPPENS?              N    X4413
Q1080A13 - R26_1. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4414
DK5_359 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_359 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_359 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_359 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_359 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_359 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_359 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_359 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_359 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_359 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_359 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_359 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_359 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_359 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1082A13 - R26_1F. FREQUENCY OF BENEFIT               N    X7693
Q1084A13 - R26_2. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4414A
DK5_360 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_360 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_360 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_360 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_360 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_360 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_360 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_360 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_360 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_360 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_360 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_360 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_360 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_360 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1086A13 - R27. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4415
Q1087A13 - R28. WHAT TYPE? (THRIFT,401K)              N    X4416
Q1089A13 - R29. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                        N    X4417A
Q1090A13 - R29YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN                 N    X4417
Q1091A13 - R29AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                    N    X7227
Q1092A13 - R29YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                    N    X7228
Q1093A13 - R30. EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTE?                  N    X4418
Q1094A13 - R30_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4419A
Q1095A13 - R30_2A. PERCENT PAID                       N    X4419
Q1096A13 - R30_2B. AMOUNT/VARIABLE PAID               N    X4420
DK5_361 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_361 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_361 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_361 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_361 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_361 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_361 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_361 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_361 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_361 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_361 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_361 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_361 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_361 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1098A13 - R30_2. FREQ OF EMPLOYER CONT               N    X4421
Q1100A13 - R31. WITHDRAW FOR EMERGENCY?               N    X4431
Q1101A13 - R32. BORROW AGAINST ACCOUNT?               N    X4427
Q1102A13 - R33. HAVE LOAN AGAINST ACCT?               N    X4428
Q1103A13 - R33_1. LOAN BALANCE                        N    X4429
DK5_362 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_362 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_362 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_362 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_362 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_362 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_362 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_362 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_362 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_362 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_362 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_362 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_362 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_362 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1105A13 - R33_2. REPORT LOAN EARLIER?                N    X4430
Q1106A13 - R33_3. WHICH LOAN?                         N    X7696
Q1108A13 - R33_4. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS                  N    X7229
DK5_363 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_363 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_363 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_363 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_363 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_363 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_363 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_363 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_363 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_363 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_363 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_363 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_363 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_363 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1110A13 - R33_4F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS              N    X7230
Q1112A13 - R34. CONTRIBUTE TO PLAN NOW?               N    X4422
Q1113A13 - R34_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4423A
Q1114A13 - R34_2A. PERCENT CONTRIBUTED                N    X4423
Q1115A13 - R34_2B. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED                 N    X4424
DK5_364 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_364 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_364 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_364 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_364 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_364 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_364 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_364 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_364 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_364 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_364 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_364 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_364 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_364 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1117A13 - R34_2C. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTION               N    X4425
Q1119A13 - R35. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                     N    X4426
DK5_365 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_365 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_365 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_365 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_365 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_365 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_365 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_365 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_365 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_365 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_365 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_365 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_365 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_365 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1121A13 - R36. IF LEAVE JOB, LOSE ALL?               N    X4432
Q1123A13 - R36_1. PERCENT/AMOUNT                      N    X4433A
Q1124A13 - R36_1PCT. PERCENT LOSE                     N    X4433
Q1125A13 - R36_1AMT. AMOUNT LOSE                      N    X7699
DK5_366 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_366 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_366 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_366 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_366 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_366 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_366 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_366 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_366 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_366 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_366 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_366 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_366 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_366 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1127A13 - R37. HOW INVESTED?                         N    X4434
Q1129A13 - R37_1. CONTROL HOW INVESTED?               N    X7231
Q1130A13 - R38. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4435
Q1131A1 - R39. TOTAL AMT IN OTHER PLANS               N    X4436
DK5_367 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_367 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_367 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_367 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_367 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_367 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_367 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_367 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_367 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_367 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_367 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_367 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_367 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_367 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1134A1 - R39_2. OFFER, BUT DON'T PART.?              N    X7232
Q1135A1 - R40. DOING OTHER WORK FOR PAY?              N    X4501
Q1136A1A - R40_1.JOB, MILITARY, BUSINESS              N    X4502A 
Q1136A1B - R40_1.JOB, MILITARY, BUSINESS              N    X4503A 
Q1136A1C - R40_1.JOB, MILITARY, BUSINESS              N    X4504A
Q1136A1D - R40_1.JOB, MILITARY, BUSINESS              N    X4505A
Q1138A1 - R41. HOURS WORK IN NORMAL WEEK              N    X4507
Q1139A1 - R42. WEEKS WORK IN NORMAL YEAR              N    X4508
Q1140A1 - R43. AMOUNT EARN BEFORE TAXES               N    X4509
DK5_368 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N    
DK8_368 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_368 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_368 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_368 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_368 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_368 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_368 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_368 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_368 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_368 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_368 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_368 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_368 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1142A1 - R43F.FREQ OF REPORTED EARNINGS              N    X4510
Q1144A1 - R44. FULL-TIME OR PART-TIME?                N    X4511
Q1145A1 - R45. NUMBER OF YEARS FULL-TIME              N    X4512
Q1146A1 - R45_1. # EMPLOY 1 YR OR MORE                N    X4513
Q1147A1 - R45_2. # EMPLOY 3 YRS OR MORE               N    X4514
Q1148A1 - R45_3. LONGEST JOB: ELSE/SELF?              N    X4515
Q1152A1 - R45_6. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X4518A
Q1153A1 - R45_6YR. YEAR STARTED WORKING               N    X4518
Q1154A1 - R45_6AGE. AGE STARTED WORKING               N    X7233
Q1155A1 - R45_6YRS. YRS AGO STARTED WORK              N    X7234
Q1156A1 - R45_7. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X4519A
Q1157A1 - R45_7YR. YEAR STOPPED WORKING               N    X4519
Q1158A1 - R45_7AGE. AGE STOPPED WORKING               N    X7235
Q1159A1 - R45_7YRS. YRS AGO STOPPED WORK              N    X7236
Q1160A1 - R45_8. AMT EARNED BEFORE TAXES              N    X4520
DK5_369 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_369 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_369 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_369 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_369 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_369 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_369 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_369 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_369 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_369 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_369 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_369 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_369 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_369 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1162A1 - R45_8F. FREQ OF REPORTED EARN               N    X4521
Q1164A1 - R45_9. ANY YEARS ONLY PT-TIME?              N    X4522
Q1166A1 - R45_10. NUM OF YEARS, PT-TIME               N    X4523
Q1169A1 - R45_11. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4524A
Q1170A1 - R45_11YR. YEAR EXPECT STOP FT               N    X7237
Q1171A1 - R45_11AG. AGE EXPECT STOP FT                N    X7728
Q1172A1 - R45_11YS. STOP FT IN # YEARS                N    X4524
Q1174A1 - R45_12. EXPECT PART-TIME AFTER              N    X4525
Q1176A1 - R45_13. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4526A
Q1177A1 - R45_13YR. YEAR STOP ALTOGETHER              N    X7238
Q1178A1 - R45_13AG. AGE STOP ALTOGETHER               N    X7700
Q1179A1 - R45_13YS. STOP IN # YEARS                   N    X4526
Q1181A1 - R46. HOW MANY YEARS PART-TIME?              N    X4527
Q1182A1 - R46_1. EVER WORKED FULL-TIME?               N    X4528
Q1183A1 - R46_2. # OF YEARS FULL-TIME                 N    X4529
Q1184A1 - R46_2A. FIVE YEARS OR MORE?                 N    X4530A
Q1185A1 - R46_3. INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT               N    X4530
Q1186A1 - R46_4. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X4531A
Q1187A1 - R46_4YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME                N    X4531
Q1188A1 - R46_4AGE. LAST AGE FULL-TIME                N    X7239
Q1189A1 - R46_4YRS. STOP FT # YEARS AGO               N    X7240
Q1190A1 - R46_5. AMT EARNED BEFORE TAXES              N    X4532
DK5_370 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_370 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_370 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_370 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_370 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_370 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_370 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_370 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_370 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_370 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_370 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_370 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_370 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_370 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1192A1 - R46_5F. FREQ OF REPORTED EARN               N    X4533
Q1194A1 - R46_6. # EMPLOY 1 YR OR MORE                N    X4534
Q1195A1 - R46_7.LONGEST JOB: TYPE EMPLOY              N    X4535
Q1199A1 - R46_10. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4538A
Q1200A1 - R46_10YR. YEAR STARTED JOB                  N    X4538
Q1201A1 - R46_10AG. AGE STARTED JOB                   N    X7241
Q1202A1 - R46_10YS.YEARS AGO STARTED JOB              N    X7242
Q1203A1 - R46_11. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4539A
Q1204A1 - R46_11YR. YEAR STOPPED JOB                  N    X4539
Q1205A1 - R46_11AG. AGE STOPPED JOB                   N    X7243
Q1206A1 - R46_11YS.YEARS AGO STOPPED JOB              N    X7244
Q1207A1 - R46_12. AMT EARNED WHEN STOP                N    X4540
DK5_371 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_371 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_371 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_371 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_371 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_371 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_371 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_371 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_371 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_371 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_371 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_371 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_371 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_371 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1209A1 - R46_12F. FREQ REPORTED EARNING              N    X4541
Q1211A1 - R46_13. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4542A
Q1212A1 - R46_13YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME               N    X4542
Q1213A1 - R46_13AG. AGE LAST FULL-TIME                N    X7245
Q1214A1 - R46_13YS. YEARS AGO LAST FT                 N    X7246
Q1215A1 - R46_14. EXPECT FT IN FUTURE?                N    X4543
Q1216A1 - R46_15. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4544A
Q1217A1 - R46_15YR. YEAR EXPECT TO START              N    X7247
Q1218A1 - R46_15AG. AGE EXPECT TO START               N    X7248
Q1219A1 - R46_15YS.EXPECT START IN # YRS              N    X4544
Q1221A1 - R46_16. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4545A
Q1222A1 - R46_16YR. YEAR EXPECT STOP FT               N    X7249
Q1223A1 - R46_16AG. AGE EXPECT STOP FT                N    X7701
Q1224A1 - R46_16YS. EXPECT STOP IN # YRS              N    X4545
Q1226A1 - R46_17. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4546A
Q1227A1 - R46_17YR. YEAR STOP ALTOGETHER              N    X7250
Q1228A1 - R46_17AG. AGE STOP ALTOGETHER               N    X7702
Q1229A1 - R46_17YS.STOP ALTOGETHER # YRS              N    X4546
Q1231A1 - R47. EVER WORKED FULL-TIME?                 N    X4601
Q1232A1 - R47_1. NUMBER YEARS FULL-TIME               N    X4602
Q1233A1 - R47_1_1. FIVE YEARS OR MORE?                N    X4603A
Q1234A1 - R47_2. INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT               N    X4603
Q1235A1 - R47_3. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X4604A
Q1236A1 - R47_3YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME                N    X4604
Q1237A1 - R47_3AGE. LAST AGE FULL-TIME                N    X7251
Q1238A1 - R47_3YRS. YEARS AGO FULL-TIME               N    X7252
Q1239A1 - R47_4. AMT EARN BEFORE TAXES                N    X4605
DK5_372 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_372 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_372 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_372 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_372 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_372 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_372 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_372 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_372 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_372 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_372 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_372 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_372 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_372 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1241A1 - R47_4F. FREQ REPORTED EARNINGS              N    X4606
Q1243A1 - R47_5. # OF EMP-1 OR MORE YRS               N    X4607
Q1244A1 - R47_6. LONGEST JOB: ELSE/SELF?              N    X4608
Q1248A1 - R47_9. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X4611A
Q1249A1 - R47_9YR. YEAR STARTED THAT JOB              N    X4611
Q1250A1 - R47_9AGE. AGE STARTED THAT JOB              N    X7253
Q1251A1 - R47_9YRS. YRS AGO STARTED JOB               N    X7254
Q1252A1 - R47_10. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4612A
Q1253A1 - R47_10YR. YEAR STOPPED JOB                  N    X4612
Q1254A1 - R47_10AG. AGE STOPPED JOB                   N    X7255
Q1255A1 - R47_10YS. YRS AGO STOPPED JOB               N    X7256
Q1256A1 - R47_11. AMT EARNING WHEN LEFT               N    X4613
DK5_373 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_373 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_373 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_373 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_373 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_373 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_373 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_373 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_373 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_373 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_373 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_373 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_373 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_373 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1258A1 - R47_11F. FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS              N    X4614
Q1260A1 - R47_12. ANY YEARS WORKED P-T?               N    X4615
Q1261A1 - R47_13. HOW MANY YEARS P-T?                 N    X4616
Q1262A1 - R47_14. EXPECT TO WORK FUTURE?              N    X4617
Q1263A1 - R47_15. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4618A
Q1264A1 - R47_15YR. YEAR EXPECT TO START              N    X7257
Q1265A1 - R47_15AG. AGE EXPECT TO START               N    X7258
Q1266A1 - R47_15YS. START IN # YEARS                  N    X4618
Q1268A1 - R47_16. ANY FULL-TIME WORK                  N    X4619
Q1270A1 - R47_17. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4620A
Q1271A1 - R47_17YR. YEAR EXPECT START FT              N    X7259
Q1272A1 - R47_17AG. AGE EXPECT START FT               N    X7260
Q1273A1 - R47_17YS. # YRS WILL START FT               N    X4620
Q1275A1 - R47_18. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4621A
Q1276A1 - R47_18YR. YEAR EXPECT STOP FT               N    X7261
Q1277A1 - R47_18AG. AGE EXPECT STOP FT                N    X7703
Q1278A1 - R47_18YS. # YRS EXPECT STOP FT              N    X4621
Q1280A1 - R47_19. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X4622A
Q1281A1 - R47_19YR. YEAR STOP ALTOGETHER              N    X7262
Q1282A1 - R47_19AG. AGE STOP ALTOGETHER               N    X7704
Q1283A1 - R47_19YS. # YRS STOP ALTOGETHR              N    X4622
Q977A2 - R0. WHO IS PROVIDING INFO?                   N    X7263 
Q979A2B1 - R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS                     N    X6678
Q979A2B2 - R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS                     N    X6679
Q979A2B3 - R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS                     N    X6680
Q979A2B4 - R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS                     N    X6681
Q979A2B5 - R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS                     N    X6682
Q979A2B6 - R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS                     N    X6683
Q979A2B7 - R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS                     N    X6684
Q979A2B8 - R1. PRESENT JOB STATUS                     N    X6685
Q981A2 - R1_1. EXPECT TO GO BACK TO JOB               N    X4701
Q982A2 - R1_2. WHEN LAST WORK - MONTH                 N    X4702
Q983A2 - R1_2. WHEN LAST WORK - YEAR                  N    X4703
Q984A2 - R1_3. DOING ANY WORK CURRENTLY?              N    X7587
Q985A2 - R1_4. DISABLED: YEAR, AGE, AGO               N    X4704A
Q986A2 - R1_4YR. YEAR WHEN DISABLED                   N    X4704
Q987A2 - R1_4AGE. AGE WHEN DISABLED                   N    X7264
Q988A2 - R1_4YRS. YEARS AGO DISABLED                  N    X7265
Q989A2 - R1_5. DOING ANY WORK CURRENTLY?              N    X4705
Q990A2 - R2. EMPLOYED BY ELSE OR SELF?                N    X4706
Q995A2 - R6. HOURS IN NORMAL WEEK                     N    X4710
Q996A2 - R7. WEEKS IN NORMAL YEAR                     N    X4711
Q997A2 - R8. AMOUNT EARNED BEFORE TAXES               N    X4712
DK5_374 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_374 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_374 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_374 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_374 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_374 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_374 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_374 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_374 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_374 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_374 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_374 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_374 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_374 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q999A2 - R8F. FREQ OF EARNINGS REPORTED               N    X4713
Q1001A2 - R8_1. EARN IN PAST YEAR                     N    X6658
DK5_375 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_375 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_375 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_375 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_375 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_375 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_375 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_375 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_375 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_375 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_375 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_375 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_375 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_375 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1003A2 - R9. HOW MANY EMPLOYEES                      N    X4714
Q1004A2 - R10. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                         N    X4715A
Q1005A2 - R10YRS. YEARS WORKED FOR EMP                N    X4715
Q1006A2 - R10AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                     N    X7266
Q1007A2 - R10YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                     N    X7706
Q1008A2 - R11. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                         N    X4716A
Q1009A2 - R11YRS. # YEARS EXPECT TO WORK              N    X4716
Q1010A2 - R11AGE. UNTIL WHAT AGE?                     N    X7707
Q1584A2 - R11YR. UNTIL WHAT YEAR?                     N    X7267
Q1011A2 - R12. JOB COVERED BY UNION CONT              N    X4717
Q1012A2 - R13. INSURANCE IF DISABLED?                 N    X7708
Q1015A2 - R14_2. HOURS IN NORMAL WEEK-SE              N    X4723 
Q1016A2 - R14_3. WEEKS IN NORMAL YEAR-SE              N    X4724
Q1017A2 - R14_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X4721A
Q1018A2 - R14_4YRS. YRS IN THIS BUSINESS              N    X4721
Q1019A2 - R14_4AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                   N    X7268
Q1020A2 - R14_4YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                   N    X7709
Q1021A2 - R14_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X4722A
Q1022A2 - R14_5YRS.YRS EXPCT TO CONTINUE              N    X4722
Q1023A2 - R14_5AGE. UNTIL WHAT AGE?                   N    X7710
Q1024A2 - R14_5YR. UNTIL WHAT YEAR?                   N    X7269
Q1025A2 - R14_6. PAID REGULAR SALARY-SE?              N    X4725
Q1026A2 - R14_7. AMT EARNED BEFORE TAXES              N    X4729
DK5_376 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_376 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_376 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_376 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_376 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_376 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_376 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_376 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_376 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_376 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_376 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_376 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_376 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_376 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1028A2 - R14_7F. FREQ OF REPORT EARN-SE              N    X4730
Q1030A2 - R14_8. PAID PORTION OF NET-SE?              N    X4727
Q1031A2 - R14_9. NONSALARY EARNINGS-SE                N    X4731
DK5_377 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_377 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_377 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_377 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_377 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_377 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_377 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_377 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_377 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_377 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_377 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_377 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_377 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_377 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1033A2 - R14_9. FREQ OF NONSALARY EARN               N    X4732
Q1035A2 - R14_10. NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES                 N    X7270
Q1036A2 - R14_11. JOB COVERED BY UNION?               N    X4733
Q1037A2 - R14_12. INSURANCE IF DISABLED?              N    X7711
Q1038A2 - R14_13. ANY PENSIONS THRU JOB?              N    X4734
Q1039A2 - R15. ANY PENSIONS THRU JOB?                 N    X4735
Q1040A2 - R16. EMPLOYER OFFER PLANS?                  N    X4736
Q1041A2 - R16_1. ELIGIBLE FOR PLANS?                  N    X4737
Q1042A2A - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7271A 
Q1042A2B - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7271B
Q1042A2C - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7271C
Q1042A2D - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7271D
Q1042A2E - R16_2. WHAT KINDS OF PLANS?                N    X7271E
Q1044A2 - R16_3. WILL YOU BE ELIGIBLE?                N    X4738
Q1046A2 - R17. NUMBER OF PLANS                        N    X4739
Q1047A2 - R17_1.CURRENTLY RECEIVING PMTS              N    X4740
Q1048A2 - R17_2.ANY NOT YET RECEIVE PMTS              N    X4741
Q1049A2 - R17_3. NUMBER OF PLANS                      N    X6699
Q1051A21 - R19. PENSION OR TAX-DERER SAV              N    X4802
Q1053A21 - R20. FORMULA OR ACCOUNT PLAN               N    X4803
Q1054A21 - R21. AMOUNT ACCUMULATED                    N    X4804
DK5_378 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_378 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_378 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_378 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_378 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_378 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_378 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_378 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_378 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_378 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_378 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_378 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_378 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_378 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1056A21 - R21_05.CAN BORROW AGNST ACCT?              N    X7272
Q1057A21 - R21_1. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                      N    X7712A
Q1058A21 - R21_1YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN               N    X7712
Q1059A21 - R21_1AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                  N    X7273
Q1060A21 - R21_1YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                  N    X7274
Q1061A21 - R22. MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS NOW?               N    X4805
Q1062A21 - R23. PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE               N    X4806A
Q1063A21 - R23_1PCT.  PERCENT PAID                    N    X4806
Q1064A21 - R23_1AMT. AMT/VARIABLE PAID                N    X4807
DK5_379 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_379 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_379 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_379 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_379 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_379 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_379 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_379 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_379 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_379 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_379 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_379 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_379 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_379 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1066A21 - R23_1F. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTIONS              N    X4808
Q1068A21 - R24. AGE/YEARS/YEAR                        N    X4809A
Q1069A21 - R24AGE. AGE EXPECT TO RECEIVE              N    X4809
Q1070A21 - R24YEARS. IN NUMBER OF YEARS               N    X7713
Q1071A21 - R24YEAR. IN YEAR                           N    X7275
Q1072A21 - R25. AMT/PERCENT OF FINAL PAY              N    X6664
Q1073A21 - R25AMT. AMOUNT OF BENEFITS                 N    X4810
DK5_380 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_380 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_380 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_380 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_380 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_380 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_380 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_380 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_380 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_380 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_380 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_380 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_380 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_380 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1075A21 - R25PCT. PERCENT OF FINAL PAY               N    X4812
Q1076A21 - R25F. FREQUENCY OF BENEFITS                N    X4811
Q1078A21 - R26. LEAVE JOB, WHAT HAPPENS?              N    X4813
Q1080A21 - R26_1. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4814
DK5_381 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_381 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_381 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_381 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_381 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_381 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_381 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_381 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_381 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_381 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_381 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_381 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_381 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_381 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1082A21 - R26_1F.FREQUENCY OF BENEFIT                N    X7718
Q1084A21 - R26_2. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4814A
DK5_382 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_382 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_382 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_382 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_382 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_382 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_382 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_382 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_382 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_382 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_382 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_382 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_382 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_382 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1086A21 - R27. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4815
Q1087A21 - R28. WHAT TYPE? (THRIFT,401K)              N    X4816
Q1089A21 - R29. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                        N    X4817A
Q1090A21 - R29YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN                 N    X4817
Q1091A21 - R29AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                    N    X7276
Q1092A21 - R29YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                    N    X7277
Q1093A21 - R30. EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTE?                  N    X4818
Q1094A21 - R30_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4819A
Q1095A21 - R30_2A.  PERCENT PAID                      N    X4819
Q1096A21 - R30_2B. AMOUNT/VARIABLE PAID               N    X4820
DK5_383 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_383 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_383 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_383 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_383 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_383 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_383 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_383 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_383 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_383 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_383 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_383 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_383 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_383 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1098A21 - R30_2. FREQ OF EMPLOYER CONT               N    X4821
Q1100A21 - R31. WITHDRAW FOR EMERGENCY?               N    X4831
Q1101A21 - R32. BORROW AGAINST ACCOUNT?               N    X4827
Q1102A21 - R33. HAVE LOAN AGAINST ACCT?               N    X4828
Q1103A21 - R33_1. LOAN BALANCE                        N    X4829
DK5_384 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_384 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_384 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_384 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_384 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_384 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_384 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_384 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_384 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_384 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_384 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_384 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_384 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_384 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1105A21 - R33_2. REPORT LOAN EARLIER?                N    X4830
Q1106A21 - R33_3. WHICH LOAN?                         N    X7721
Q1108A21 - R33_4. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS                  N    X7278
DK5_385 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_385 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_385 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_385 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_385 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_385 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_385 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_385 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_385 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_385 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_385 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_385 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_385 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_385 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1110A21 - R33_4F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS              N    X7279
Q1112A21 - R34. CONTRIBUTE TO PLAN NOW?               N    X4822
Q1113A21 - R34_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4823A
Q1114A21 - R34_2A. PERCENT CONTRIBUTED                N    X4823
Q1115A21 - R34_2B. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED                 N    X4824
DK5_386 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_386 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_386 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_386 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_386 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_386 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_386 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_386 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_386 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_386 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_386 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_386 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_386 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_386 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1117A21 - R34_2C. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTION               N    X4825
Q1119A21 - R35. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                     N    X4826
DK5_387 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_387 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_387 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_387 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_387 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_387 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_387 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_387 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_387 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_387 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_387 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_387 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_387 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_387 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1121A21 - R36. IF LEAVE JOB, LOSE ALL?               N    X4832
Q1123A21 - R36_1. PERCENT/AMOUNT                      N    X4833A
Q1124A21 - R36_1PCT. PERCENT LOSE                     N    X4833
Q1125A21 - R36_1AMT. AMOUNT LOSE                      N    X7724
DK5_388 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_388 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_388 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_388 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_388 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_388 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_388 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_388 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_388 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_388 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_388 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_388 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_388 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_388 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1127A21 - R37. HOW INVESTED?                         N    X4834
Q1129A21 - R37_1. CONTROL HOW INVESTED?               N    X7280
Q1130A21 - R38. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4835
Q1586A21 -                                            C    NULL
Q1051A22 - R19. PENSION OR TAX-DEFER SAV              N    X4902
Q1053A22 - R20. FORMULA OR ACCOUNT PLAN               N    X4903
Q1054A22 - R21. AMOUNT ACCUMULATED                    N    X4904
DK5_389 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_389 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_389 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_389 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_389 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_389 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_389 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_389 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_389 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_389 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_389 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_389 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_389 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_389 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1056A22 - R21_05.CAN BORROW AGNST ACCT?              N    X7281
Q1057A22 - R21_1. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                      N    X7714A
Q1058A22 - R21_1YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN               N    X7714
Q1059A22 - R21_1AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                  N    X7282
Q1060A22 - R21_1YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                  N    X7283
Q1061A22 - R22. MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS NOW?               N    X4905
Q1062A22 - R23. PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE               N    X4906A
Q1063A22 - R23_1PCT. PERCENT PAID                     N    X4906
Q1064A22 - R23_1AMT. AMT/VARIABLE PAID                N    X4907
DK5_390 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_390 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_390 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_390 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_390 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_390 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_390 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_390 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_390 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_390 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_390 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_390 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_390 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_390 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1066A22 - R23_1F. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTIONS              N    X4908
Q1068A22 - R24. AGE/YEARS/YEAR                        N    X4909A
Q1069A22 - R24AGE. AGE EXPECT TO RECEIVE              N    X4909
Q1070A22 - R24YEARS. IN NUMBER OF YEARS               N    X7715
Q1071A22 - R24YEAR. IN YEAR                           N    X7284
Q1072A22 - R25. AMT/PERCENT OF FINAL PAY              N    X6665
Q1073A22 - R25AMT. AMOUNT OF BENEFITS                 N    X4910
DK5_391 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_391 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_391 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_391 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_391 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_391 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_391 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_391 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_391 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_391 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_391 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_391 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_391 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_391 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1075A22 - R25PCT. PERCENT OF FINAL PAY               N    X4912
Q1076A22 - R25F. FREQUENCY OF BENEFITS                N    X4911
Q1078A22 - R26. LEAVE JOB, WHAT HAPPENS?              N    X4913
Q1080A22 - R26_1. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4914
DK5_392 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_392 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_392 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_392 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_392 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_392 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_392 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_392 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_392 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_392 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_392 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_392 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_392 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_392 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1082A22 - R26_1F.FREQUENCY OF BENEFIT                N    X7719
Q1084A22 - R26_2. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X4914A
DK5_393 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_393 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_393 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_393 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_393 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_393 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_393 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_393 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_393 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_393 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_393 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_393 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_393 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_393 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1086A22 - R27. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4915
Q1087A22 - R28. WHAT TYPE? (THRIFT,401K)              N    X4916
Q1089A22 - R29. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                        N    X4917A
Q1090A22 - R29YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN                 N    X4917
Q1091A22 - R29AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                    N    X7285
Q1092A22 - R29YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                    N    X7286
Q1093A22 - R30. EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTE?                  N    X4918
Q1094A22 - R30_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4919A
Q1095A22 - R30_2A.  PERCENT PAID                      N    X4919
Q1096A22 - R30_2B. AMOUNT/VARIABLE PAID               N    X4920
DK5_394 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_394 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_394 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_394 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_394 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_394 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_394 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_394 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_394 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_394 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_394 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_394 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_394 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_394 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1098A22 - R30_2. FREQ OF EMPLOYER CONT               N    X4921
Q1100A22 - R31. WITHDRAW FOR EMERGENCY?               N    X4931
Q1101A22 - R32. BORROW AGAINST ACCOUNT?               N    X4927
Q1102A22 - R33. HAVE LOAN AGAINST ACCT?               N    X4928
Q1103A22 - R33_1. LOAN BALANCE                        N    X4929
DK5_395 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_395 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_395 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_395 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_395 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_395 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_395 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_395 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_395 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_395 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_395 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_395 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_395 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_395 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1105A22 - R33_2. REPORT LOAN EARLIER?                N    X4930
Q1106A22 - R33_3. WHICH LOAN?                         N    X7722
Q1108A22 - R33_4. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS                  N    X7287
DK5_396 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_396 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_396 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_396 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_396 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_396 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_396 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_396 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_396 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_396 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_396 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_396 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_396 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_396 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1110A22 - R33_4F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS              N    X7288
Q1112A22 - R34. CONTRIBUTE TO PLAN NOW?               N    X4922
Q1113A22 - R34_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X4923A
Q1114A22 - R34_2A. PERCENT CONTRIBUTED                N    X4923
Q1115A22 - R34_2B. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED                 N    X4924
DK5_397 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_397 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_397 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_397 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_397 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_397 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_397 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_397 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_397 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_397 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_397 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_397 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_397 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_397 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1117A22 - R34_2C. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTION               N    X4925
Q1119A22 - R35. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                     N    X4926
DK5_398 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_398 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_398 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_398 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_398 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_398 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_398 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_398 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_398 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_398 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_398 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_398 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_398 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_398 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1121A22 - R36. IF LEAVE JOB, LOSE ALL?               N    X4932
Q1123A22 - R36_1. PERCENT/AMOUNT                      N    X4933A
Q1124A22 - R36_1PCT. PERCENT LOSE                     N    X4933
Q1125A22 - R36_1AMT. AMOUNT LOSE                      N    X7725
DK5_399 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_399 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_399 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_399 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_399 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_399 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_399 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_399 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_399 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_399 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_399 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_399 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_399 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_399 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1127A22 - R37. HOW INVESTED?                         N    X4934
Q1129A22 - R37_1. CONTROL HOW INVESTED?               N    X7289
Q1130A22 - R38. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X4935
Q1586A22 -                                            C    NULL
Q1051A23 - R19. PENSION OR TAX-DEFER SAV              N    X5002
Q1053A23 - R20. FORMULA OR ACCOUNT PLAN               N    X5003
Q1054A23 - R21. AMOUNT ACCUMULATED                    N    X5004
DK5_400 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_400 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_400 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_400 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_400 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_400 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_400 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_400 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_400 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_400 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_400 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_400 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_400 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_400 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1056A23 - R21_05.CAN BORROW AGNST ACCT?              N    X7290
Q1057A23 - R21_1. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                      N    X7716A
Q1058A23 - R21_1YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN               N    X7716
Q1059A23 - R21_1AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                  N    X7291
Q1060A23 - R21_1YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                  N    X7292
Q1061A23 - R22. MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS NOW?               N    X5005
Q1062A23 - R23. PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE               N    X5006A
Q1063A23 - R23_1PCT. PERCENT PAID                     N    X5006
Q1064A23 - R23_1AMT. AMT/VARIABLE PAID                N    X5007
DK5_401 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_401 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_401 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_401 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_401 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_401 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_401 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_401 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_401 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_401 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_401 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_401 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_401 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_401 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1066A23 - R23_1F. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTIONS              N    X5008
Q1068A23 - R24. AGE/YEARS/YEAR                        N    X5009A
Q1069A23 - R24AGE. AGE EXPECT TO RECEIVE              N    X5009
Q1070A23 - R24YEARS. IN NUMBER OF YEARS               N    X7717
Q1071A23 - R24YEAR. IN YEAR                           N    X7293
Q1072A23 - R25. AMT/PERCENT OF FINAL PAY              N    X6666
Q1073A23 - R25AMT. AMOUNT OF BENEFITS                 N    X5010
DK5_402 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_402 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_402 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_402 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_402 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_402 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_402 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_402 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_402 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_402 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_402 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_402 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_402 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_402 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1075A23 - R25PCT. PERCENT OF FINAL PAY               N    X5012
Q1076A23 - R25F. FREQ OF BENEFITS                     N    X5011
Q1078A23 - R26. LEAVE JOB, WHAT HAPPENS?              N    X5013
Q1080A23 - R26_1. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X5014
DK5_403 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_403 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_403 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_403 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_403 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_403 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_403 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_403 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_403 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_403 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_403 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_403 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_403 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_403 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1082A23 - R26_1F. FREQUENCY OF BENEFIT               N    X7720
Q1084A23 - R26_2. AMOUNT OF BENEFIT                   N    X5014A
DK5_404 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_404 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_404 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_404 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_404 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_404 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_404 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_404 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_404 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_404 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_404 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_404 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_404 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_404 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1086A23 - R27. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X5015
Q1087A23 - R28. WHAT TYPE? (THRIFT,401K)              N    X5016
Q1089A23 - R29. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                        N    X5017A
Q1090A23 - R29YRS. # OF YEARS IN PLAN                 N    X5017
Q1091A23 - R29AGE. SINCE WHAT AGE?                    N    X7294
Q1092A23 - R29YR. SINCE WHAT YEAR?                    N    X7295
Q1093A23 - R30. EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTE?                  N    X5018
Q1094A23 - R30_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X5019A
Q1095A23 - R30_2A. PERCENT PAID                       N    X5019
Q1096A23 - R30_2B. AMOUNT/VARIABLE PAID               N    X5020
DK5_405 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_405 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_405 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_405 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_405 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_405 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_405 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_405 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_405 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_405 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_405 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_405 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_405 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_405 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1098A23 - R30_2. FREQ OF EMPLOYER CONT               N    X5021
Q1100A23 - R31. WITHDRAW FOR EMERGENCY?               N    X5031
Q1101A23 - R32. BORROW AGAINST ACCOUNT?               N    X5027
Q1102A23 - R33. HAVE LOAN AGAINST ACCT?               N    X5028
Q1103A23 - R33_1. LOAN BALANCE                        N    X5029
DK5_406 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_406 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_406 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_406 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_406 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_406 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_406 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_406 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_406 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_406 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_406 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_406 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_406 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_406 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1105A23 - R33_2. REPORT LOAN EARLIER?                N    X5030
Q1106A23 - R33_3. WHICH LOAN?                         N    X7723
Q1108A23 - R33_4. AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS                  N    X7296
DK5_407 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_407 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_407 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_407 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_407 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_407 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_407 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_407 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_407 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_407 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_407 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_407 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_407 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_407 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1110A23 - R33_4F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS              N    X7297
Q1112A23 - R34. CONTRIBUTE TO PLAN NOW?               N    X5022
Q1113A23 - R34_1.PERCENT/AMOUNT/VARIABLE              N    X5023A
Q1114A23 - R34_2A. PERCENT CONTRIBUTED                N    X5023
Q1115A23 - R34_2B. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED                 N    X5024
DK5_408 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_408 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_408 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_408 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_408 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_408 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_408 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_408 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_408 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_408 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_408 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_408 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_408 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_408 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1117A23 - R34_2C. FREQ OF CONTRIBUTION               N    X5025
Q1119A23 - R35. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                     N    X5026
DK5_409 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_409 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_409 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_409 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_409 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_409 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_409 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_409 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_409 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_409 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_409 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_409 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_409 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_409 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1121A23 - R36. IF LEAVE JOB, LOSE ALL?               N    X5032
Q1123A23 - R36_1. PERCENT/AMOUNT                      N    X5033A
Q1124A23 - R36_1PCT. PERCENT LOSE                     N    X5033
Q1125A23 - R36_1AMT. AMOUNT LOSE                      N    X7726
DK5_410 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_410 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_410 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_410 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_410 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_410 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_410 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_410 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_410 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_410 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_410 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_410 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_410 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_410 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1127A23 - R37. HOW INVESTED?                         N    X5034
Q1129A23 - R37_1. CONTROL HOW INVESTED?               N    X7298
Q1130A23 - R38. ANOTHER PLAN?                         N    X5035
Q1586A23 -                                            C    NULL
Q1131A2 - R39. TOTAL AMT IN OTHER PLANS               N    X5036
DK5_411 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_411 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_411 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_411 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_411 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_411 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_411 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_411 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_411 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_411 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_411 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_411 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_411 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_411 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1134A2 - R39_2. OFFER, BUT DON'T PART.?              N    X7299
Q1135A2 - R40. DOING OTHER WORK FOR PAY?              N    X5101
Q1136A2A - R40_1.JOB, MILITARY, BUSINESS              N    X5102A 
Q1136A2B - R40_1.JOB, MILITARY, BUSINESS              N    X5103A 
Q1136A2C - R40_1.JOB, MILITARY, BUSINESS              N    X5104A 
Q1136A2D - R40_1.JOB, MILITARY, BUSINESS              N    X5105A 
Q1138A2 - R41. HOURS WORK IN NORMAL WEEK              N    X5107
Q1139A2 - R42. WEEKS WORK IN NORMAL YEAR              N    X5108
Q1140A2 - R43. AMOUNT EARN BEFORE TAXES               N    X5109
DK5_412 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_412 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_412 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_412 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_412 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_412 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_412 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_412 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_412 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_412 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_412 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_412 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_412 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_412 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1142A2 - R43F.FREQ OF REPORTED EARNINGS              N    X5110
Q1144A2 - R44. FULL-TIME OR PART-TIME?                N    X5111
Q1145A2 - R45. NUMBER OF YEARS FULL-TIME              N    X5112
Q1146A2 - R45_1. # EMPLOY 1 YR OR MORE                N    X5113
Q1147A2 - R45_2. # EMPLOY 3 YRS OR MORE               N    X5114
Q1148A2 - R45_3. LONGEST JOB: ELSE/SELF?              N    X5115
Q1152A2 - R45_6. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X5118A
Q1153A2 - R45_6YR. YEAR STARTED WORKING               N    X5118
Q1154A2 - R45_6AGE. AGE STARTED WORKING               N    X7300
Q1155A2 - R45_6YRS. YRS AGO STARTED WORK              N    X7301
Q1156A2 - R45_7. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X5119A
Q1157A2 - R45_7YR. YEAR STOPPED WORKING               N    X5119
Q1158A2 - R45_7AGE. AGE STOPPED WORKING               N    X7302
Q1159A2 - R45_7YRS. YRS AGO STOPPED WORK              N    X7303
Q1160A2 - R45_8. AMT EARNED BEFORE TAXES              N    X5120
DK5_413 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_413 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_413 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_413 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_413 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_413 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_413 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_413 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_413 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_413 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_413 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_413 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_413 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_413 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1162A2 - R45_8F. FREQ OF REPORTED EARN               N    X5121
Q1164A2 - R45_9. ANY YEARS ONLY PT-TIME?              N    X5122
Q1166A2 - R45_10. NUM OF YEARS, PT-TIME               N    X5123
Q1169A2 - R45_11. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5124A
Q1170A2 - R45_11YR. YEAR EXPECT STOP FT               N    X7304
Q1171A2 - R45_11AG. AGE EXPECT STOP FT                N    X7727
Q1172A2 - R45_11YS. STOP FT IN # YEARS                N    X5124
Q1174A2 - R45_12. EXPECT PART-TIME AFTER              N    X5125
Q1176A2 - R45_13. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5126A
Q1177A2 - R45_13YR. YEAR STOP ALTOGETHER              N    X7305
Q1178A2 - R45_13AG. AGE STOP ALTOGETHER               N    X7729
Q1179A2 - R45_13YS. STOP IN # YEARS                   N    X5126
Q1181A2 - R46. HOW MANY YEARS PART-TIME               N    X5127
Q1182A2 - R46_1. EVER WORKED FULL-TIME?               N    X5128
Q1183A2 - R46_2. # OF YEARS FULL-TIME                 N    X5129
Q1184A2 - R46_2A. FIVE YEARS OR MORE?                 N    X5130A
Q1185A2 - R46_3. INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT               N    X5130
Q1186A2 - R46_4. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X5131A
Q1187A2 - R46_4YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME                N    X5131
Q1188A2 - R46_4AGE. LAST AGE FULL-TIME                N    X7306
Q1189A2 - R46_4YRS. STOP FT # YEARS AGO               N    X7307
Q1190A2 - R46_5. AMT EARN BEFORE TAXES                N    X5132
DK5_414 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_414 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_414 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_414 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_414 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_414 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_414 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_414 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_414 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_414 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_414 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_414 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_414 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_414 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1192A2 - R46_5F. FREQ OF REPORTED EARN               N    X5133
Q1194A2 - R46_6. # EMPLOY 1 YR OR MORE                N    X5134
Q1195A2 - R46_7.LONGEST JOB: TYPE EMPLOY              N    X5135
Q1199A2 - R46_10. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5138A
Q1200A2 - R46_10YR. YEAR STARTED JOB                  N    X5138
Q1201A2 - R46_10AG. AGE STARTED JOB                   N    X7308
Q1202A2 - R46_10YS.YEARS AGO STARTED JOB              N    X7309
Q1203A2 - R46_11. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5139A
Q1204A2 - R46_11YR. YEAR STOPPED JOB                  N    X5139
Q1205A2 - R46_11AG. AGE STOPPED JOB                   N    X7310
Q1206A2 - R46_11YS.YEARS AGO STOPPED JOB              N    X7311
Q1207A2 - R46_12. AMT EARNED WHEN STOP                N    X5140
DK5_415 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_415 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_415 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_415 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_415 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_415 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_415 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_415 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_415 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_415 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_415 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_415 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_415 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_415 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1209A2 - R46_12F. FREQ REPORTED EARNING              N    X5141
Q1211A2 - R46_13. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5142A
Q1212A2 - R46_13YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME               N    X5142
Q1213A2 - R46_13AG. AGE LAST FULL-TIME                N    X7312
Q1214A2 - R46_13YS. YEARS AGO LAST FT                 N    X7313
Q1215A2 - R46_14. EXPECT FT IN FUTURE?                N    X5143
Q1216A2 - R46_15. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5144A
Q1217A2 - R46_15YR. YEAR EXPECT TO START              N    X7314
Q1218A2 - R46_15AG. AGE EXPECT TO START               N    X7315
Q1219A2 - R46_15YS.EXPECT START IN # YRS              N    X5144
Q1221A2 - R46_16. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5145A
Q1222A2 - R46_16YR. YEAR EXPECT STOP FT               N    X7316
Q1223A2 - R46_16AG. AGE EXPECT STOP FT                N    X7730
Q1224A2 - R46_16YS. EXPECT STOP IN # YRS              N    X5145
Q1226A2 - R46_17. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5146A
Q1227A2 - R46_17YR. YEAR STOP ALTOGETHER              N    X7317
Q1228A2 - R46_17AG. AGE STOP ALTOGETHER               N    X7731
Q1229A2 - R46_17YS.STOP ALTOGETHER # YRS              N    X5146
Q1231A2 - R47. EVER WORKED FULL-TIME?                 N    X5201 
Q1232A2 - R47_1. NUMBER YEARS FULL-TIME               N    X5202
Q1233A2 - R47_1_1. FIVE YEARS OR MORE?                N    X5203A
Q1234A2 - R47_2. INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT               N    X5203
Q1235A2 - R47_3. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X5204A
Q1236A2 - R47_3YR. LAST YEAR FULL-TIME                N    X5204
Q1237A2 - R47_3AGE. LAST AGE FULL-TIME                N    X7318
Q1238A2 - R47_3YRS. YEARS AGO FULL-TIME               N    X7319
Q1239A2 - R47_4. AMT EARN BEFORE TAXES                N    X5205
DK5_416 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_416 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_416 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_416 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_416 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_416 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_416 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_416 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_416 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_416 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_416 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_416 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_416 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_416 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1241A2 - R47_4F. FREQ REPORTED EARNINGS              N    X5206
Q1243A2 - R47_5. # OF EMP-1 OR MORE YRS               N    X5207
Q1244A2 - R47_6. LONGEST JOB: ELSE/SELF?              N    X5208
Q1248A2 - R47_9. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                       N    X5211A
Q1249A2 - R47_9YR. YEAR STARTED THAT JOB              N    X5211
Q1250A2 - R47_9AGE. AGE STARTED THAT JOB              N    X7320
Q1251A2 - R47_9YRS. YRS AGO STARTED JOB               N    X7321
Q1252A2 - R47_10. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5212A
Q1253A2 - R47_10YR. YEAR STOPPED JOB                  N    X5212
Q1254A2 - R47_10AG. AGE STOPPED JOB                   N    X7322
Q1255A2 - R47_10YS. YRS AGO STOPPED JOB               N    X7323
Q1256A2 - R47_11. AMT EARNING WHEN LEFT               N    X5213
DK5_417 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_417 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_417 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_417 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_417 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_417 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_417 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_417 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_417 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_417 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_417 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_417 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_417 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_417 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1258A2 - R47_11F. FREQUENCY OF EARNINGS              N    X5214
Q1260A2 - R47_12. ANY YEARS WORKED P-T?               N    X5215
Q1261A2 - R47_13. HOW MANY YEARS P-T?                 N    X5216
Q1262A2 - R47_14. EXPECT TO WORK FUTURE?              N    X5217
Q1263A2 - R47_15. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5218A
Q1264A2 - R47_15YR. YEAR EXPECT TO START              N    X7324
Q1265A2 - R47_15AG. AGE EXPECT TO START               N    X7325
Q1266A2 - R47_15YS. START IN # YEARS                  N    X5218
Q1268A2 - R47_16. ANY FULL-TIME WORK                  N    X5219
Q1270A2 - R47_17. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5220A
Q1271A2 - R47_17YR. YEAR EXPECT START FT              N    X7326
Q1272A2 - R47_17AG. AGE EXPECT START FT               N    X7327
Q1273A2 - R47_17YS. # YRS WILL START FT               N    X5220
Q1275A2 - R47_18. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5221A
Q1276A2 - R47_18YR. YEAR EXPECT STOP FT               N    X7328
Q1277A2 - R47_18AG. AGE EXPECT STOP FT                N    X7732
Q1278A2 - R47_18YS. # YRS EXPECT STOP FT              N    X5221
Q1280A2 - R47_19. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                      N    X5222A
Q1281A2 - R47_19YR. YEAR STOP ALTOGETHER              N    X7329
Q1282A2 - R47_19AG. AGE STOP ALTOGETHER               N    X7733
Q1283A2 - R47_19YS. # YRS STOP ALTOGETHR              N    X5222     
Q1286 - R96. RECEIVING SOC SEC/CURR PENSION?          N    X5301
Q1287 - R96_1. RECEIVING SOCIAL SECURITY              N    X5302
Q1288A1 - R96_2. R RECEIVING BENEFITS?                N    X5303A 
Q1288A2 - R96_2. S RECEIVING BENEFITS?                N    X5308A
Q1290A1 - R96_4. PMTS: RET, DIS, SURV?                N    X5304
Q1291A1 - R96_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5305A
Q1292A1 - R96_5YRS. # YRS RECEIVED                    N    X5305
Q1293A1 - R96_5AGE. RECEIVED SINCE AGE                N    X7330
Q1294A1 - R96_5YR. RECEIVED SINCE YEAR                N    X7734
Q1295A1 - R96_6. AMOUNT RECEIVED                      N    X5306
DK5_418 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_418 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_418 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_418 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_418 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_418 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_418 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_418 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_418 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_418 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_418 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_418 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_418 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_418 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1297A1 - R96_6F. FREQ PMTS RECEIVED                  N    X5307
Q1290A2 - R96_4. PMTS: RET, DIS, SURV?                N    X5309
Q1291A2 - R96_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5310A
Q1292A2 - R96_5YRS. # OF YEARS RECEIVED               N    X5310
Q1293A2 - R96_5AGE. RECEIVED SINCE AGE                N    X7331
Q1294A2 - R96_5YR. RECEIVED SINCE YEAR                N    X7735
Q1295A2 - R96_6. AMOUNT RECEIVED                      N    X5311
DK5_419 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_419 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_419 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_419 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_419 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_419 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_419 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_419 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_419 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_419 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_419 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_419 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_419 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_419 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1297A2 - R96_6F. FREQ PMTS RECEIVED                  N    X5312
Q1299 - R97. RECEIVING OTHER RETIREMENT?              N    X5313
Q1300 - R97_1. # OF OTHER PMTS RECEIVING              N    X6700
Q1302A1 - R97_2. R OR S RECEIVING PMT?                N    X5315
Q1303A1 - R97_3. PMT FROM WHERE? (JOB?)               N    X5316
Q1305A1 - R97_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5317A
Q1306A1 - R97_4YRS. # OF YEARS RECEIVED               N    X5317
Q1307A1 - R97_4AGE. RECEIVED SINCE AGE                N    X7332
Q1308A1 - R97_4. RECEIVED SINCE YEAR                  N    X7736
Q1309A1 - R97_5. AMOUNT RECEIVED                      N    X5318
DK5_420 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_420 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_420 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_420 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_420 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_420 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_420 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_420 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_420 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_420 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_420 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_420 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_420 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_420 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1311A1 - R97_5F. FREQ AMT RECEIVED                   N    X5319
Q1313A1 - R97_6.INCREASE W/COST OF LIVE?              N    X5320
Q1314A1 - R97_7. CHECKPOINT: R MARRIED?               N    X5321
Q1315A1 - R97_8.R DIES, S STILL RECEIVE?              N    X5322A
Q1316A1 - R97_8.PERCENTAGE STILL RECEIVE              N    X5322
Q1318A1 - R97_9. ANOTHER BENEFIT?                     N    X7737
Q1302A2 - R97_2. R OR S RECEIVING PMT?                N    X5323
Q1303A2 - R97_3. PMT FROM WHERE? (JOB?)               N    X5324
Q1305A2 - R97_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5325A
Q1306A2 - R97_4YRS. # OF YEARS RECEIVED               N    X5325
Q1307A2 - R97_4AGE. RECEIVED SINCE AGE                N    X7333
Q1308A2 - R97_4. RECEIVED SINCE YEAR                  N    X7738
Q1309A2 - R97_5. AMOUNT RECEIVED                      N    X5326
DK5_421 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_421 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_421 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_421 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_421 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_421 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_421 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_421 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_421 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_421 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_421 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_421 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_421 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_421 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1311A2 - R97_5F. FREQ AMT RECEIVED                   N    X5327
Q1313A2 - R97_6.INCREASE W/COST OF LIVE?              N    X5328
Q1314A2 - R97_7. CHECKPOINT: R MARRIED?               N    X5329
Q1315A2 - R97_8.R DIES, S STILL RECEIVE?              N    X5330A
Q1316A2 - R97_8.PERCENTAGE STILL RECEIVE              N    X5330
Q1318A2 - R97_9. ANOTHER BENEFIT?                     N    X7739
Q1302A3 - R97_2. WHO IS RECEIVING                     N    X5331
Q1303A3 - R97_3. PMT FROM WHERE? (JOB?)               N    X5332
Q1305A3 - R97_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5333A
Q1306A3 - R97_4YRS. # OF YEARS RECEIVED               N    X5333
Q1307A3 - R97_4AGE. RECEIVED SINCE AGE                N    X7334
Q1308A3 - R97_4. RECEIVED SINCE YEAR                  N    X7740
Q1309A3 - R97_5. AMOUNT RECEIVED                      N    X5334
DK5_422 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_422 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_422 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_422 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_422 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_422 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_422 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_422 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_422 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_422 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_422 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_422 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_422 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_422 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1311A3 - R97_5F. FREQ AMT RECEIVED                   N    X5335
Q1313A3 - R97_6.INCREASE W/COST OF LIVE?              N    X5336
Q1314A3 - R97_7. CHECKPOINT: R MARRIED?               N    X5337
Q1315A3 - R97_8.R DIES, S STILL RECEIVE?              N    X5338A
Q1316A3 - R97_8.PERCENTAGE STILL RECEIVE              N    X5338
Q1318A3 - R97_9. ANOTHER BENEFIT?                     N    X7741
Q1302A4 - R97_2. WHO IS RECEIVING                     N    X5415
Q1303A4 - R97_3. PMT FROM WHERE? (JOB?)               N    X5416
Q1305A4 - R97_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5417A
Q1306A4 - R97_4YRS. # OF YEARS RECEIVED               N    X5417
Q1307A4 - R97_4AGE. RECEIVED SINCE AGE                N    X7335
Q1308A4 - R97_4. RECEIVED SINCE YEAR                  N    X7742
Q1309A4 - R97_5. AMOUNT RECEIVED                      N    X5418
DK5_423 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_423 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_423 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_423 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_423 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_423 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_423 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_423 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_423 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_423 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_423 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_423 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_423 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_423 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1311A4 - R97_5F. FREQ AMT RECEIVED                   N    X5419
Q1313A4 - R97_6.INCREASE W/COST OF LIVE?              N    X5420
Q1314A4 - R97_7. CHECKPOINT: R MARRIED?               N    X5421
Q1315A4 - R97_8.R DIES, S STILL RECEIVE?              N    X5422A
Q1316A4 - R97_8.PERCENTAGE STILL RECEIVE              N    X5422
Q1318A4 - R97_9. ANOTHER BENEFIT?                     N    X7743
Q1302A5 - R97_2. R OR S RECEIVEING PMT?               N    X5423
Q1303A5 - R97_3. PMT FROM WHERE? (JOB?)               N    X5424
Q1305A5 - R97_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5425A
Q1306A5 - R97_4YRS. # OF YEARS RECEIVED               N    X5425
Q1307A5 - R97_4AGE. RECEIVED SINCE AGE                N    X7336
Q1308A5 - R97_4. RECEIVED SINCE YEAR                  N    X7744
Q1309A5 - R97_5. AMOUNT RECEIVED                      N    X5426
DK5_424 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_424 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_424 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_424 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_424 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_424 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_424 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_424 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_424 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_424 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_424 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_424 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_424 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_424 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1311A5 - R97_5F. FREQ PMTS RECEIVED                  N    X5427
Q1313A5 - R97_6.INCREASE W/COST OF LIVE?              N    X5428
Q1314A5 - R97_7. CHECKPOINT: R MARRIED?               N    X5429
Q1315A5 - R97_8.R DIES, S STILL RECEIVE?              N    X5430A
Q1316A5 - R97_8.PERCENTAGE STILL RECEIVE              N    X5430
Q1318A5 - R97_9. ANOTHER BENEFIT?                     N    X7745
Q1302A6 - R97_2. R OR S RECEIVING PMTS?               N    X5431
Q1303A6 - R97_3. PMT FROM WHERE? (JOB?)               N    X5432
Q1305A6 - R97_4. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5433A
Q1306A6 - R97_4YRS. # OF YEARS RECEIVED               N    X5433
Q1307A6 - R97_4AGE. RECEIVED SINCE AGE                N    X7337
Q1308A6 - R97_4. RECEIVED SINCE YEAR                  N    X7746
Q1309A6 - R97_5. AMOUNT RECEIVED                      N    X5434
DK5_425 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_425 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_425 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_425 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_425 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_425 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_425 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_425 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_425 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_425 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_425 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_425 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_425 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_425 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1311A6 - R97_5F. FREQ AMT RECEIVED                   N    X5435
Q1313A6 - R97_6.INCREASE W/COST OF LIVE?              N    X5436
Q1314A6 - R97_7. CHECKPOINT: R MARRIED?               N    X5437
Q1315A6 - R97_8.R DIES, S STILL RECEIVE?              N    X5438A
Q1316A6 - R97_8.PERCENTAGE STILL RECEIVE              N    X5438
Q1318A6 - R97_9. ANOTHER BENEFIT?                     N    X5438B
Q1319 - R98. RECEIVED CASH SETTLEMENT?                N    X5501
Q1320 - R98_1.NUMBER OF CASH SETTLEMENTS              N    X6701
Q1322A1 - R98_2. R OR S RECEIVE STLMNT?               N    X5503
Q1323A1 - R98_3.  AMT OF CASH SETTLEMENT              N    X5504
DK5_426 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_426 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_426 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_426 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_426 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_426 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_426 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_426 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_426 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_426 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_426 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_426 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_426 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_426 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1325A1 - R98_4. YEAR/AGE/YEARS AGO                   N    X5505A
Q1326A1 - R98_4YR. YEAR WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X5505
Q1327A1 - R98_4AGE. AGE WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X7338
Q1328A1 - R98_4YRS. # YEARS AGO RECEIVED              N    X7339
Q1329A1 - R98_5. ANOTHER CASH SETTLEMENT              N    X7747
Q1322A2 - R98_2. R OR S RECEIVE STLMNT?               N    X5506
Q1323A2 - R98_3. AMT OF CASH SETTLEMENT               N    X5507
DK5_427 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_427 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_427 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_427 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_427 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_427 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_427 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_427 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_427 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_427 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_427 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_427 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_427 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_427 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1325A2 - R98_4. YEAR/AGE/YEARS AGO                   N    X5508A
Q1326A2 - R98_4YR. YEAR WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X5508
Q1327A2 - R98_4AGE. AGE WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X7340
Q1328A2 - R98_4YRS. # YEARS AGO RECEIVED              N    X7341
Q1329A2 - R98_5. ANOTHER CASH SETTLEMENT              N    X7748
Q1322A3 - R98_2. R OR S RECEIVE STLMNT?               N    X5509
Q1323A3 - R98_3. AMT OF CASH SETTLEMENT               N    X5510
DK5_428 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_428 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_428 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_428 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_428 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_428 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_428 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_428 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_428 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_428 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_428 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_428 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_428 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_428 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1325A3 - R98_4. YEAR/AGE/YEARS AGO                   N    X5511A
Q1326A3 - R98_4YR. YEAR WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X5511
Q1327A3 - R98_4AGE. AGE WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X7342
Q1328A3 - R98_4YRS. RECEIVED # YEARS AGO              N    X7343
Q1329A3 - R98_5. ANOTHER CASH SETTLEMENT              N    X7749
Q1322A4 - R98_2. R OR S RECEIVED STLMNT?              N    X5512
Q1323A4 - R98_3. AMT OF CASH SETTLEMENT?              N    X5513
DK5_429 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_429 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_429 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_429 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_429 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_429 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_429 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_429 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_429 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_429 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_429 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_429 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_429 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_429 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1325A4 - R98_4. YEAR/AGE/YEARS AGO                   N    X5514A
Q1326A4 - R98_4YR. YEAR WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X5514
Q1327A4 - R98_4AGE. AGE WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X7344
Q1328A4 - R98_4YRS. RECEIVED # YEARS AGO              N    X7345
Q1329A4 - R98_5. ANOTHER CASH SETTLEMENT              N    X7750
Q1322A5 - R98_2. R OR S RECEIVED STLMNT?              N    X5515
Q1323A5 - R98_3. AMT OF CASH SETTLEMENT               N    X5516
DK5_430 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_430 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_430 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_430 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_430 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_430 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_430 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_430 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_430 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_430 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_430 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_430 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_430 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_430 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1325A5 - R98_4. YEAR/AGE/YEARS AGO                   N    X5517A
Q1326A5 - R98_4YR. YEAR WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X5517
Q1327A5 - R98_4AGE. AGE WHEN RECEIVED                 N    X7346
Q1328A5 - R98_4YRS. RECEIVED # YEARS AGO              N    X7347
Q1329A5 - R98_5. ANOTHER CASH SETTLEMENT              N    X6718  
Q1322A6 - R98_2. R OR S RECEIVED STLMNT?              N
Q1323A6 - R98_3. AMT OF CASH SETTLEMENT               N
DK5_431 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_431 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_431 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_431 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_431 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_431 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_431 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_431 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_431 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_431 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_431 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_431 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_431 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_431 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1325A6 - R98_4. YEAR/AGE/YEARS AGO                   N
Q1326A6 - R98_4YR. YEAR WHEN RECEIVED                 N
Q1327A6 - R98_4AGE. AGE WHEN RECEIVED                 N
Q1328A6 - R98_4YRS. RECEIVED # YEARS AGO              N
Q1329A6 - R98_5. ANOTHER CASH SETTLEMENT              N
Q1330 - R99. FUTURE PENSION BENEFITS?                 N    X5601
Q1331 - R99_1. NUMBER OF FUTURE BENEFITS              N    X6702
Q1333A1 - R99_2. R OR S RECEIVE BENEFITS              N    X5606
Q1334A1 - R99_3. INC FORMULA, ACCT, BOTH ...          N    X5603
Q1335A1 - R99_3_1. LUMP SUM OR REG PMT?               N    X7348
Q1336A1 - R99_4. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                    N    X5604
DK5_432 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_432 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_432 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_432 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_432 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_432 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_432 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_432 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_432 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_432 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_432 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_432 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_432 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_432 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1338A1 - R99_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5607A
Q1339A1 - R99_5YS. EXPECT IN # YEARS                  N    X7751
Q1340A1 - R99_5AG. EXPECT AT AGE                      N    X5607
Q1341A1 - R99_5YR. EXPECT IN YEAR                     N    X7349
Q1342A1 - R99_6. AMT OF EXPECTED PMTS                 N    X5608
DK5_433 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_433 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_433 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_433 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_433 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_433 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_433 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_433 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_433 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_433 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_433 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_433 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_433 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_433 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1344A1 - R99_6F. FREQ OF EXPECTED PMTS               N    X5609
Q1346A1 - R99_7. ANOTHER FUTURE BENEFIT?              N    X5610
Q1333A2 - R99_2. R OR S RECEIVE BENEFIT?              N    X5614
Q1334A2 - R99_3. INC FORMULA, ACCT, BOTH ...          N    X5611
Q1335A2 - R99_3_1. LUMP SUM OR REG PMT?               N    X7350
Q1336A2 - R99_4. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                    N    X5612
DK5_434 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_434 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_434 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_434 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_434 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_434 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_434 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_434 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_434 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_434 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_434 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_434 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_434 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_434 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1338A2 - R99_5. YEARS/AGE YEARS                      N    X5615A
Q1339A2 - R99_5YS. EXPECT IN # YEARS                  N    X7752
Q1340A2 - R99_5AG. EXPECT AT AGE                      N    X5615
Q1341A2 - R99_5YR. EXPECT IN YEAR                     N    X7351
Q1342A2 - R99_6. AMT OF EXPECTED PMTS                 N    X5616
DK5_435 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_435 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_435 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_435 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_435 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_435 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_435 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_435 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_435 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_435 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_435 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_435 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_435 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_435 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1344A2 - R99_6F. FREQ OF EXPECTED PMTS               N    X5617
Q1346A2 - R99_7. ANOTHER FUTURE BENEFIT?              N    X5618
Q1333A3 - R99_2. R OR S RECEIVE BENEFIT?              N    X5622
Q1334A3 - R99_3. INC FORMULA, ACCT, BOTH              N    X5619
Q1335A3 - R99_3_1. LUMP SUM OR REG PMT?               N    X7352
Q1336A3 - R99_4. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                    N    X5620
DK5_436 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_436 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_436 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_436 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_436 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_436 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_436 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_436 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_436 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_436 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_436 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_436 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_436 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_436 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1338A3 - R99_5. YEARS/AGE YEARS                      N    X5623A
Q1339A3 - R99_5YS. EXPECT IN # YEARS                  N    X7753
Q1340A3 - R99_5AG. EXPECT AT AGE                      N    X5623
Q1341A3 - R99_5YR. EXPECT IN YEAR                     N    X7353
Q1342A3 - R99_6. AMT OF EXPECTED PMTS                 N    X5624
DK5_437 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_437 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_437 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_437 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_437 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_437 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_437 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_437 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_437 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_437 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_437 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_437 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_437 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_437 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1344A3 - R99_6F. FREQ OF EXPECTED PMTS               N    X5625
Q1346A3 - R99_7. ANOTHER FUTURE BENEFIT?              N    X5626
Q1333A4 - R99_2. R OR S RECEIVE BENEFIT?              N    X5630
Q1334A4 - R99_3. INC FORMULA, ACCT, BOTH              N    X5627
Q1335A4 - R99_3_1. LUMP SUM OR REG PMT?               N    X7354
Q1336A4 - R99_4. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                    N    X5628
DK5_438 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_438 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_438 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_438 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_438 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_438 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_438 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_438 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_438 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_438 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_438 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_438 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_438 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_438 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1338A4 - R99_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5631A
Q1339A4 - R99_5YS. EXPECT IN # YEARS                  N    X7754
Q1340A4 - R99_5AG. EXPECT AT AGE                      N    X5631
Q1341A4 - R99_5YR. EXPECT IN YEAR                     N    X7355
Q1342A4 - R99_6. AMT OF EXPECTED PMTS                 N    X5632
DK5_439 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_439 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_439 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_439 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_439 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_439 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_439 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_439 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_439 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_439 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_439 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_439 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_439 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_439 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1344A4 - R99_6F. FREQ OF EXPECTED PMTS               N    X5633
Q1346A4 - R99_7. ANOTHER FUTURE BENEFIT?              N    X5634
Q1333A5 - R99_2. R OR S RECEIVE BENEFIT?              N    X5638
Q1334A5 - R99_3. INC FORMULA, ACCT, BOTH              N    X5635
Q1335A5 - R99_3_1. LUMP SUM OR REG PMT?               N    X7356
Q1336A5 - R99_4. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                    N    X5636
DK5_440 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_440 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_440 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_440 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_440 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_440 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_440 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_440 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_440 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_440 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_440 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_440 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_440 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_440 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1338A5 - R99_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5639A
Q1339A5 - R99_5YS. EXPECT IN # YEARS                  N    X7755
Q1340A5 - R99_5AG. EXPECT AT AGE                      N    X5639
Q1341A5 - R99_5YR. EXPECT IN YEAR                     N    X7357
Q1342A5 - R99_6. AMT OF EXPECTED PMTS                 N    X5640
DK5_441 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_441 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_441 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_441 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_441 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_441 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_441 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_441 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_441 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_441 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_441 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_441 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_441 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_441 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1344A5 - R99_6F. FREQ OF EXPECTED PMTS               N    X5641
Q1346A5 - R99_7. ANOTHER FUTURE BENEFIT?              N    X5642
Q1333A6 - R99_2. R OR S RECEIVE BENEFIT?              N    X5646
Q1334A6 - R99_3. INC FORMULA, ACCT, BOTH              N    X5643
Q1335A6 - R99_3_1. LUMP SUM OR REG PMT?               N    X7358
Q1336A6 - R99_4. AMOUNT IN ACCOUNT                    N    X5644
DK5_442 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_442 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_442 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_442 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_442 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_442 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_442 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_442 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_442 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_442 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_442 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_442 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_442 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_442 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1338A6 - R99_5. YEARS/AGE/YEAR                       N    X5647A
Q1339A6 - R99_5YS. EXPECT IN # YEARS                  N    X7756
Q1340A6 - R99_5AG. EXPECT AT AGE                      N    X5647
Q1341A6 - R99_5YR. EXPECT IN YEAR                     N    X7359
Q1342A6 - R99_6. AMT OF EXPECTED PMTS                 N    X5648
DK5_443 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_443 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_443 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_443 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_443 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_443 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_443 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_443 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_443 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_443 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_443 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_443 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_443 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_443 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1344A6 - R99_6F. FREQ OF EXPECTED PMTS               N    X5649
Q1346A6 - R99_7. ANOTHER FUTURE BENEFIT?              N    X5649A
Q1347 - R100. IRA/KEOGH OR PENSION PLAN?              N    X7360
Q1351A1 - T1. WAGE AND SALARY INCOME?                 N    X5701
Q1353A1 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5702
DK5_444 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_444 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_444 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_444 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_444 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_444 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_444 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_444 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_444 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_444 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_444 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_444 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_444 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_444 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A2 - T1.OTHER INCOME FROM BUSINESS?              N    X5703
Q1353A2 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5704
DK5_445 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_445 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_445 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_445 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_445 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_445 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_445 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_445 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_445 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_445 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_445 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_445 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_445 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_445 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A3 - T1. INCOME FROM NONTAX INVEST?              N    X5705
Q1353A3 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5706
DK5_446 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_446 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_446 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_446 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_446 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_446 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_446 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_446 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_446 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_446 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_446 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_446 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_446 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_446 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A4 - T1. ANY OTHER INTEREST INCOME?              N    X5707
Q1353A4 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5708
DK5_447 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_447 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_447 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_447 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_447 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_447 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_447 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_447 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_447 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_447 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_447 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_447 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_447 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_447 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A5 - T1. ANY INCOME FROM DIVIDENDS?              N    X5709
Q1353A5 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5710
DK5_448 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_448 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_448 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_448 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_448 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_448 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_448 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_448 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_448 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_448 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_448 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_448 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_448 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_448 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A6 - T1. STOCK, BOND, REAL ESTATE?               N    X5711
Q1353A6 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5712
DK5_449 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_449 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_449 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_449 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_449 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_449 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_449 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_449 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_449 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_449 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_449 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_449 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_449 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_449 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A7 - T1.NET RENT, TRUST, ROYALTIES?              N    X5713
Q1353A7 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5714
DK5_450 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_450 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_450 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_450 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_450 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_450 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_450 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_450 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_450 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_450 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_450 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_450 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_450 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_450 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A8 - T1.UNEMPLOYMENT, WORKERS COMP?              N    X5715
Q1353A8 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5716
DK5_451 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_451 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_451 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_451 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_451 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_451 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_451 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_451 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_451 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_451 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_451 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_451 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_451 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_451 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A9 - T1. CHILD SUPPORT, ALIMONY?                 N    X5717
Q1353A9 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                        N    X5718
DK5_452 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_452 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_452 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_452 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_452 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_452 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_452 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_452 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_452 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_452 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_452 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_452 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_452 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_452 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A10 - T1.ADC, AFDC, SSI, FOOD STMP?              N    X5719
Q1353A10 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                       N    X5720
DK5_453 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_453 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_453 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_453 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_453 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_453 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_453 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_453 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_453 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_453 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_453 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_453 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_453 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_453 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A11 - T1. PENSION, ANNUITIES?                    N    X5721
Q1353A11 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                       N    X5722
DK5_454 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_454 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_454 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_454 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_454 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_454 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_454 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_454 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_454 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_454 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_454 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_454 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_454 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_454 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1351A12 - T1. INCOME ANY OTHER SOURCE?               N    X5723
Q1353A12 - T2. AMOUNT OF INCOME                       N    X5724
DK5_455 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_455 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_455 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_455 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_455 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_455 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_455 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_455 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_455 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_455 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_455 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_455 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_455 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_455 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1581 - T2_1. CALC TOTAL INCOME CORRECT?              N    X7361
Q1355 - T3. CORRECTED TOTAL INCOME                    N    X5729
DK5_456 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_456 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_456 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_456 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_456 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_456 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_456 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_456 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_456 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_456 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_456 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_456 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_456 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_456 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1357 - T4. INCOME HIGH OR LOW                        N    X7650
Q1359 - T4_1. AMT OF INCOME IN NORMAL YR              N    X7362
DK5_457 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_457 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_457 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_457 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_457 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_457 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_457 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_457 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_457 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_457 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_457 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_457 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_457 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_457 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1361 - T4_2.PAST 5 YEARS-INCOME GO UP?               N    X304
Q1362 - T4_3.NEXT YR-EXPECT INCOME GO UP              N    X7364
Q1363 - T4_4.GOOD IDEA OF INCOME NXT YR?              N    X7586
Q1364 - T4_5. USUALLY HAVE A GOOD IDEA?               N    X7366
Q1365 - T5. IN 94, PAY ALIMONY, SUPPORT?              N    X5731
Q1366 - T5_1. AMT OF ALIMONY/SUPPORT PMT              N    X5732
DK5_458 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_458 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_458 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_458 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_458 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_458 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_458 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_458 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_458 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_458 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_458 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_458 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_458 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_458 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1368 - T6. SUPPORT FRIENDS, RELATIVES?               N    X5733
Q1369 - T6_1. AMOUNT OF OTHER SUPPORT                 N    X5734
DK5_459 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_459 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_459 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_459 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_459 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_459 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_459 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_459 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_459 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_459 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_459 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_459 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_459 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_459 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1371A1 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5735A 
Q1371A2 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5736A 
Q1371A3 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5737A 
Q1371A4 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5738A
Q1371A5 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5739A
Q1371A6 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5740A
Q1371A7 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5741A
Q1371A8 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5742A
Q1371A9 - T6_2. TO WHOM SUPPORT GIVEN?                N    X5743A
Q1373 - T7. FILE A 1994 TAX RETURN?                   N    X5744
Q1374 - T7_2.  FILE JOINTLY, SEPARATELY?              N    X5746
Q1375A1 - T7_3. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X5747A
Q1375A2 - T7_3. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X5748A
Q1375A3 - T7_3. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X5749A
Q1375A4 - T7_3. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X5750A
Q1376 - T7_3A. ITEMIZE DEDUCTIONS?                    N    X7367
Q1377 - T7_4.TOTAL ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME              N    X5751
DK5_460 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_460 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_460 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_460 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_460 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_460 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_460 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_460 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_460 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_460 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_460 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_460 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_460 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_460 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1379A1 - T7_5. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X7758A
Q1379A2 - T7_5. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X7759A
Q1379A3 - T7_5. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X7760A
Q1379A4 - T7_5. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X7761A
Q1579 - T7_5A. ITEMIZE DEDUCTIONS?                    N    X7368
Q1380 - T7_6.TOTAL ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME              N    X7651
DK5_461 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_461 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_461 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_461 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_461 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_461 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_461 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_461 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_461 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_461 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_461 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_461 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_461 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_461 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1382A1 - T7_7. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X7762A
Q1382A2 - T7_7. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X7763A
Q1382A3 - T7_7. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X7764A
Q1382A4 - T7_7. WHICH SCHEDULES?                      N    X7765A
Q1383 - T7_7A. S ITEMIZE DEDUCTIONS?                  N    X7369
Q1384 - T7_8. S TOTAL ADJ GROSS INCOME                N    X7652
DK5_462 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_462 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_462 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_462 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_462 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_462 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_462 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_462 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_462 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_462 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_462 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_462 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_462 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_462 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1386 - X1. EVER RECEIVED INHERITANCE?                N    X5801
Q1387 - X2. NUMBER OF INHERITANCES                    N    X6703
Q1389A1 - X3. TRUST, INHERITANCE, WHAT?               N    X5803
Q1391A1 - X4. APPROX VALUE WHEN RECEIVED              N    X5804
DK5_463 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_463 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_463 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_463 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_463 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_463 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_463 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_463 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_463 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_463 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_463 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_463 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_463 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_463 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1393A1 - X5. YEAR RECEIVED                           N    X5805
Q1394A1 - X6. FROM WHOM RECEIVED?                     N    X5806
Q1396A1 - X7. ANOTHER INHERITANCE?                    N    X5807
Q1389A2 - X3. TRUST, INHERITANCE, WHAT?               N    X5808
Q1391A2 - X4. APPROX VALUE WHEN RECEIVED              N    X5809
DK5_464 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_464 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_464 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_464 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_464 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_464 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_464 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_464 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_464 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_464 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_464 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_464 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_464 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_464 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1393A2 - X5. YEAR RECEIVED                           N    X5810
Q1394A2 - X6. FROM WHOM RECEIVED?                     N    X5811
Q1396A2 - X7. ANOTHER INHERITANCE?                    N    X5812
Q1389A3 - X3. TRUST, INHERITANCE, WHAT?               N    X5813
Q1391A3 - X4. APPROX VALUE WHEN RECEIVED              N    X5814
DK5_465 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_465 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_465 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_465 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_465 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_465 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_465 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_465 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_465 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_465 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_465 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_465 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_465 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_465 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1393A3 - X5. YEAR RECEIVED                           N    X5815
Q1394A3 - X6. FROM WHOM RECEIVED?                     N    X5816
Q1396A3 - X7. ANOTHER INHERITANCE?                    N    X5817
Q1397 - X8. TOTAL AMT ALL OTHER INHERIT               N    X5818
DK5_466 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_466 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_466 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_466 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_466 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_466 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_466 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_466 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_466 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_466 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_466 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_466 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_466 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_466 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1399 - X9. EXPECT TO INHERIT?                        N    X5819
Q1400 - X9_1. LARGE, MODERATE, OTHER?                 N    X5820
Q1402 - X9_2. AMOUNT EXPECTED                         N    X5821
DK5_467 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_467 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_467 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_467 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_467 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_467 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_467 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_467 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_467 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_467 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_467 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_467 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_467 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_467 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1404 - X10. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS?                N    X5822
Q1405 - X10_1. AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED                     N    X5823
DK5_468 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_468 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_468 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_468 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_468 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_468 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_468 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_468 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_468 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_468 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_468 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_468 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_468 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_468 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1407 - X10_2. VOLUNTEER 1 HR/WK OR MORE              N    X7662
Q1408 - X11. IMPORTANT TO LEAVE INHERIT?              N    X5824
Q1409 - X12. EXPECT TO LEAVE ESTATE?                  N    X5825
Q1410 - Y1. R GRADE COMPLETED                         N    X5901
Q1411 - Y1_1. R DIPLOMA/GED?                          N    X5902
Q1412 - Y1_2. R ON-THE-JOB TRAINING?                  N    X5903
Q1413 - Y1_3. R COLLEGE DEGREE?                       N    X5904
Q1414 - Y1_4. R HIGHEST DEGREE?                       N    X5905
Q1416 - Y2. R MILITARY SERVICE?                       N    X5906
Q1417 - Y4. R RACE                                    N    X5909
Q1419 - Y5. NUMBER OF CHILDREN ELSEWHERE              N    X5910
Q1420 - Y5_1. ANY 25 OR OLDER?                        N    X5911A
Q1421 - Y5_1NUM. NUMBER 25 OR OLDER                   N    X5911
Q1422 - Y5_2. ANY LESS THAN 18?                       N    X5912A
Q1423 - Y5_2NUM. NUMBER LESS THAN 18                  N    X5912
Q1424 - Y6. NUMBER OF LIVING SIBLINGS                 N    X5913
Q1425 - Y6_1. ANY OLDER SIBLINGS?                     N    X5914A
Q1426 - Y6_1NUM. # OF OLDER SIBLINGS                  N    X5914 
Q1428 - Y7. YEARS/AGE/YEAR MARRIED                    N    X8005A
Q1429 - Y7YRS. # OF YEARS WITH SPOUSE                 N    X7370
Q1430 - Y7AGE. AGE MARRIED TO SPOUSE                  N    X7371
Q1431 - Y7YR. YEAR MARRIED TO SPOUSE                  N    X8005
Q1432 - Y7_1.  CURRENT MARITAL STATUS                 N    X7372
Q1433 - Y8. YEAR/AGE/YEARS SEP/DIV/WIDOW              N    X8007A
Q1434 - Y8YR. YEAR SEP/DIV/WIDOW                      N    X8007
Q1435 - Y8AGE. AGE SEP/DIV/WIDOW                      N    X7373
Q1436 - Y8YRS.YEARS AGO SEP/DIV/WIDOW                 N    X7374
Q1437 - Y8_1. YEAR/AGE/YEARS MARRIED                  N    X8008A
Q1438 - Y8_1YR. YEAR WHEN MARRIED                     N    X8008
Q1439 - Y8_1AGE. AGE WHEN MARRIED                     N    X7375
Q1440 - Y8_1YRS. # YEARS AGO MARRIED                  N    X7376
Q1441 - Y8_2. RECEIVE/PAY SUPPORT?                    N    X5925
Q1442 - Y8_3. AMT OF SUPPORT PAY/RECEIVE              N    X5926A
DK5_469 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_469 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_469 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_469 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_469 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_469 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_469 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_469 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_469 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_469 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_469 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_469 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_469 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_469 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1444 - Y8_3F. FREQ OF SUPPORT PMTS                   N    X5927A
Q1446 - Y8_4.ASSETS OWNED BY R, S, JOINT              N    X5930
Q1448 - Y9. FIRST MARRIAGE OR BEFORE?                 N    X7377
Q1449 - Y10. YEAR/AGE/YEARS FIRST MARRY               N    X8011A
Q1450 - Y10YR. YEAR MARRIED-FIRST TIME                N    X7378
Q1451 - Y10AGE. AGE MARRIED-FIRST TIME                N    X8011
Q1452 - Y10YRS. # YRS AGO FIRST MARRIED               N    X7379
Q1453 - Y11. MOTHER LIVING?                           N    X6026
Q1454 - Y11_1. MOTHER AGE                             N    X6027
Q1455 - Y11_2. FATHER LIVING?                         N    X6028
Q1456 - Y11_3. FATHER AGE                             N    X6029
Q1457 - Y12. CURRENTLY SMOKE?                         N    X7380
Q1458 - Y12_3. HEALTH EXC/GOOD/FAIR/PR?               N    X6030
Q1459 - Y12_1. HOW OLD LIVE TO BE?                    N    X7381
Q1461 - INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT                        N    X6031
Q1462 - Y13. SPOUSE GRADE COMPLETED                   N    X6101
Q1463 - Y13_1. S DIPLOMA/GED?                         N    X6102
Q1464 - Y13_2. S ON-THE-JOB TRAINING?                 N    X6103
Q1465 - Y13_3. S COLLEGE DEGREE?                      N    X6104
Q1466 - Y13_4. S HIGHEST DEGREE?                      N    X6105
Q1468 - Y14. S MILITARY SERVICE?                      N    X6106
Q1469 - Y15M. MONTH OF SPOUSE'S BIRTH                 N    X6107
Q1460 - Y15D. DAY OF SPOUSE'S BIRTH                   N    X7382
Q1470 - Y15Y. YEAR OF SPOUSE'S BIRTH                  N    X6108
Q1471 - Y16. NUMBER OF SPOUSE'S SIBLINGS              N    X6109
Q1472 - Y16_1. ANY S'S SIBLINGS OLDER?                N    X6110A
Q1473 - Y16_1NUM. # S'S OLDER SIBLINGS                N    X6110
Q1475 - Y17_1. YEAR/AGE/YEARS SEPARATED               N    X8016A
Q1476 - Y17_1YR. YEAR S SEP/DIV/WID                   N    X8016
Q1477 - Y17_1AGE. AGE S SEP/DIV/WID                   N    X7383
Q1478 - Y17_1YRS. # YEARS AGO S SEP/DIV               N    X7384
Q30 - Y17_1B. YEAR/AGE/YEARS                          N    X8017A
Q59 - Y17_1BYR. YEAR PARTNER MARRIED                  N    X8017
Q87 - Y17_1BAG. AGE PARTNER MARRIED                   N    X7385
Q336 - Y17_1BYS. YEARS AGO PARTNER MARRY              N    X7386
Q1479 - Y17_2. PARTNER REC/PAY SUPPORT?               N    X7387
Q1480 - Y17_3. AMT SUPPORT PAYS/RECEIVES              N    X7388A
DK5_470 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_470 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_470 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_470 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_470 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_470 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_470 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_470 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_470 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_470 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_470 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_470 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_470 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_470 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1482 - Y17_3F. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS                 N    X7389A
Q1484 - Y17_4. S FIRST MARRY OR BEFORE?               N    X7392
Q1486 - Y18_1.YEAR/AGE/YEARS FIRST MARRY              N    X8018A
Q1487 - Y18_1YR. YEAR S FIRST MARRIED                 N    X7393
Q1488 - Y18_1AGE. AGE S FIRST MARRIED                 N    X8018
Q1489 - Y18_1YRS. # YEARS AGO S MARRIED               N    X7394
Q1490 - Y19. SPOUSE'S MOTHER LIVING?                  N    X6120
Q1491 - Y19_1. SPOUSE'S MOTHER AGE                    N    X6121
Q1492 - Y19_2. SPOUSE'S FATHER LIVING?                N    X6122
Q1493 - Y19_3. SPOUSE'S FATHER AGE                    N    X6123
Q1494 - Y20. SPOUSE SMOKE CURRENTLY?                  N    X7395
Q1495 - Y20_3. S HEALTH EX/GOOD/FAIR/PR?              N    X6124
Q1496 - Y20_1. HOW OLD S EXPECT TO LIVE?              N    X7396
Q1498 - Y25.  INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT                  N    X6201
Q1500 - Y27. ELIGIBLE FOR MEDICARE- R?                N    X6226
Q1501A1 - Y27_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6227A 
Q1501A2 - Y27_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6228A
Q1501A3 - Y27_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6229A
Q1501A4 - Y27_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6229B
Q1501A5 - Y27_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6230A
Q1503 - Y27_2. HAVE HEALTH COVERAGE?                  N    X6231
Q1504 - Y28. HAVE HEALTH COVERAGE?                    N    X6232
Q1505A1 - Y28_1. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                N    X6233A
Q1505A2 - Y28_1. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                N    X6234A
Q1505A3 - Y28_1. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                N    X6235A
Q1505A4 - Y28_1. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                N    X6236A
Q1505A5 - Y28_1. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                N    X7766A
Q1505A6 - Y28_1. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                N    X6237A
Q1507A1 - Y28_2. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6238A 
Q1507A2 - Y28_2. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6239A 
Q1507A3 - Y28_2. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6240A 
Q1507A4 - Y28_2. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6241A 
Q1507A5 - Y28_2. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6242A 
Q1509 - Y28_3. AMOUNT PAY FOR INSURANCE               N    X7664
DK5_471 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_471 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_471 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_471 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_471 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_471 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_471 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_471 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_471 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_471 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_471 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_471 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_471 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_471 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1511 - Y28_3. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS                  N    X7665
Q1513 - Y29.  ELIG FOR BENEFITS-R'S HH                N    X6301
Q1514A1 - Y29_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6302A
Q1514A2 - Y29_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6303A
Q1514A3 - Y29_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6304A
Q1514A4 - Y29_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6304B
Q1514A5 - Y29_1. WHICH PROGRAM?                       N    X6305A
Q1516 - Y29_2. IS EVERYONE COVERED?                   N    X6306
Q1517 - Y29_3. HAVE HEALTH COVERAGE?                  N    X6307
Q1518A1 - Y29_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6308A
Q1518A2 - Y29_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6309A
Q1518A3 - Y29_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6310A
Q1518A4 - Y29_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6311A
Q1518A5 - Y29_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6312A
Q1518A6 - Y29_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6313A
Q1518A7 - Y29_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6314A
Q1520 - Y30. HAVE HEALTH COVERAGE?                    N    X6315
Q1521A1 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6316A
Q1521A2 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6317A
Q1521A3 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6318A
Q1521A4 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6319A
Q1521A5 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6320A
Q1521A6 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6321A
Q1521A7 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6322A
Q1521A8 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6322B
Q1521A9 - Y31. HOW COVERAGE OBTAINED                  N    X6323A
Q1523A1 - Y31_1. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6324A
Q1523A2 - Y31_1. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6325A
Q1523A3 - Y31_1. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6326A
Q1523A4 - Y31_1. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6327A
Q1523A5 - Y31_1. HOW COVERAGE PAID                    N    X6328A
Q1525 - Y31_2. AMT OF INSURANCE PMTS                  N    X7666
DK5_472 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_472 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_472 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_472 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_472 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_472 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_472 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_472 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_472 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_472 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_472 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_472 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_472 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_472 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1527 - Y31_2. FREQUENCY OF PAYMENTS                  N    X7667
Q1529 - Y31_3. EACH IN HH INSURED?                    N    X6329
Q1530A1 - Y31_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6330A
Q1530A2 - Y31_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6331A
Q1530A3 - Y31_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6332A
Q1530A4 - Y31_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6333A
Q1530A5 - Y31_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6334A
Q1530A6 - Y31_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6335A
Q1530A7 - Y31_4. WHO IS NOT COVERED?                  N    X6336A
Q1532 - Y31_5. EACH IN HH INSURED?                    N    X7397
Q1533 - Y32. WHY NO HEALTH INSURANCE?                 N    X6337
Q1536 - Y34. 18 OR OVER RECEIVE WAGES?                N    X6402
Q1537 - Y34_1. 94 INCOME - 18 AND OVER                N    X6403
DK5_473 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_473 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_473 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_473 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_473 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_473 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_473 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_473 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_473 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_473 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_473 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_473 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_473 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_473 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1539 - Y34_2. INCLUDE THIS AMT EARLIER?              N    X6404
Q1541 - Y35. ANY OTHER SOURCES?                       N    X6405
Q1542A1 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6406A
Q1542A2 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6407A
Q1542A3 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6408A
Q1542A4 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6409A
Q1542A5 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6410A
Q1542A6 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6411A
Q1542A7 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6412A
Q1542A8 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6413A
Q1542A9 - Y35_1. WHAT OTHER SOURCES?                  N    X6414A
Q1544 - Y35_2. AMT OF TOTAL INCOME IN 94              N    X6415
DK5_474 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_474 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_474 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_474 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_474 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_474 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_474 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_474 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_474 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_474 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_474 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_474 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_474 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_474 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1546 - Y35_3. INCLUDE THIS AMT EARLIER?              N    X6416
Q1548 - Y36. CARS OR VEHICLES?                        N    X6417
Q1549 - Y36_1. HOW MUCH VEHICLES WORTH                N    X6418
DK5_475 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_475 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_475 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_475 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_475 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_475 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_475 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_475 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_475 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_475 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_475 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_475 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_475 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_475 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1551 - Y36_2. INCLUDE VEHICLE EARLIER?               N    X6419
Q1553 - Y37. HAVE ANY ACCOUNTS?                       N    X6420
Q1554 - Y37_1. TOTAL AMOUNT IN ACCOUNTS               N    X6421
DK5_476 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_476 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_476 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_476 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_476 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_476 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_476 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_476 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_476 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_476 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_476 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_476 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_476 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_476 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1556 - Y37_2. INCLUDE ACCOUNTS EARLIER?              N    X6422
Q1558 - Y38. ANY OTHER ASSETS?                        N    X6423
Q1559A1 - Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS                N    X6424A
Q1559A2 - Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS                N    X6425A
Q1559A3 - Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS                N    X6426A
Q1559A4 - Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS                N    X6427A
Q1559A5 - Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS                N    X6428A
Q1559A6 - Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS                N    X6429A
Q1559A7 - Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS                N    X6430A
Q1559A8 - Y38_1. OTHER KINDS OF ASSETS                N    X6431A
Q1561 - Y38_2. AMOUNT IN ASSETS                       N    X6432
DK5_477 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_477 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_477 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_477 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_477 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_477 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_477 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_477 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_477 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_477 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_477 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_477 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_477 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_477 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1563 - Y38_3. INCLUDE ASSETS EARLIER?                N    X6433
Q1565 - Y39. INTERVIEWER CHECKPOINT                   N    X6434
Q1566 - Y39_1. SHARE OF HOME OVER 18 OWN              N    X6435
Q1567 - Y39_2. PRESENT VALUE OF HOME                  N    X6436
DK5_478 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_478 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_478 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_478 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_478 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_478 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_478 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_478 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_478 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_478 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_478 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_478 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_478 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_478 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1569 - Y39_3. TOTAL AMT OWED MORTGAGES               N    X6437
DK5_479 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_479 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_479 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_479 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_479 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_479 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_479 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_479 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_479 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_479 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_479 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_479 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_479 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_479 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1571 - Y40. HAVE ANY DEBTS?                          N    X6438
Q1572 - Y40_1. AMOUNT IN DEBT                         N    X6439
DK5_480 - DECISION TREE TYPE                          N
DK8_480 - RANGE CARD/RANGE                            N
DK9_480 - RANGE FROM CARD?                            N
DK10_480 - DECISION TREE 1                            N
DK11_480 - DECISION TREE 2                            N
DK12_480 - DECISION TREE 3                            N
DK13_480 - DECISION TREE 4                            N
DK14_480 - DECISION TREE 5                            N
DK15_480 - DECISION TREE 6                            N
DK16_480 - DECISION TREE 7                            N
DK17_480 - RANGE CARD                                 C
DK19_480 - LOW END                                    N
DK20_480 - HIGH END                                   N
DK21_480 - MIDPOINT (CALCULATED)                      N
Q1574 - Y40_2. INCLUDE DEBTS EARLIER?                 N    X6440
Q1577 - ELAPSED SECONDS - END                         N    X7398

ZCASEID - CASEID                                      N
ZZ1 - PHYSICAL CONDITION OF HU                        N   X6523 
ZZ2 - R'S UNDERSTANDING OF QUESTIONS                  N   X6525 
ZZ3 - R'S ABILITY TO EXPRESS HIMSELF/HERSELF          N   X6526 
ZZ4 - WAS R SUSPICIOUS BEFORE INTERVIEW?              N   X6527 
ZZ5 - WAS R SUSPICIOUS AFTER INTERVIEW?               N   X6528 
ZZ6 - HOW GREAT WAS R'S INTEREST?                     N   X6529 
ZZ7 - OTHERS PRESENT AT INTERVIEW                     C   X6530X
ZZ8 - DID R REFER TO DOCUMENTS?                       N   X6536 
ZZ9 - WHICH DOCUMENTS?                                C   X6537X
ZZ9V - OTHER DOCUMENTS                                C   X6537Y
ZZ10 - LANGUAGE                                       N   X7504 
ZZ11 - BELIEVE R REPORTED SAME ASSETS?                N
ZZ12A - WHICH ASSETS SAME?                            C
ZZ12B - WHICH ASSETS SAME?                            C
ZZ13 - BELIEVE ASSETS NOT COLLECTED?                  N
ZZ14A - WHICH ASSETS NOT COLLECTED?                   C
ZZ14B - WHICH ASSETS NOT COLLECTED?                   C
ZZ15 - CONSISTENCY PROBLEMS?                          N
ZZ16A - WHAT PROBLEMS?                                C
ZZ16B - WHAT PROBLEMS?                                C
ZZ17 - ANYTHING THAT MIGHT HELP?                      N
ZZ18A - WHAT MIGHT HELP?                              C
ZZ18B - WHAT MIGHT HELP?                              C
ZZ18C - WHAT MIGHT HELP?                              C
ZZ18D - WHAT MIGHT HELP?                              C
ZZ18E - WHAT MIGHT HELP?                              C


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIST OF VARIABLES INCLUDED ON PUBLIC DATASET
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
J14      J19      J100     J101     J102     J103     J104     J105     
J106     J107     J108     J109     J110     J111     J112     J113     
J114     J115     J116     J117     J118     J119     J120     J121     
J122     J123     J124     J125     J126     J127     J128     J129     
J130     J131     J132     J133     J134     J135     J136     J137     
J202     J203     J204     J205     J206     J207     J208     J209     
J210     J211     J212     J213     J214     J215     J216     J217     
J218     J219     J220     J221     J222     J223     J224     J225     
J301     J302     J304     J305     J306     J308     J310     J312     
J314     J316     J318     J320     J322     J324     J326     J328     
J330     J401     J402     J403     J404     J405     J406     J407     
J408     J409     J410     J411     J412     J413     J414     J415     
J416     J417     J418     J419     J420     J421     J422     J423     
J424     J425     J426     J427     J428     J429     J430     J432     
J501     J502     J503     J504     J505     J506     J507     J508     
J509     J510     J511     J513     J514     J516     J517     J518     
J519     J520     J521     J522     J523     J526     J601     J602     
J603     J604     J606     J607     J608     J609     J611     J612     
J613     J614     J616     J617     J618     J619     J620     J622     
J623     J624     J626     J627     J628     J630     J631     J632     
J634     J635     J636     J701     J702     J703     J704     J705     
J707     J708     J709     J710     J711     J713     J714     J715     
J716     J717     J718     J720     J721     J722     J723     J724     
J725     J726     J727     J802     J803     J804     J805     J806     
J807     J808     J809     J810     J811     J812     J813     J814     
J815     J816     J817     J819     J820     J821     J822     J823     
J824     J825     J826     J827     J828     J829     J830     J902     
J903     J904     J905     J906     J907     J908     J909     J911     
J912     J913     J914     J915     J916     J917     J918     J920     
J931     J1002    J1004    J1005    J1006    J1007    J1008    J1009    
J1011    J1012    J1013    J1014    J1015    J1016    J1017    J1018    
J1020    J1032    J1034    J1035    J1036    J1037    J1038    J1039    
J1040    J1041    J1043    J1044    J1045    J1046    J1101    J1102    
J1103    J1104    J1105    J1106    J1108    J1109    J1110    J1111    
J1112    J1114    J1115    J1116    J1117    J1119    J1120    J1121    
J1122    J1123    J1125    J1126    J1127    J1128    J1130    J1131    
J1132    J1133    J1134    J1136    J1201    J1202    J1203    J1205    
J1206    J1207    J1208    J1209    J1210    J1211    J1212    J1214    
J1215    J1216    J1217    J1218    J1219    J1220    J1221    J1223    
J1224    J1225    J1401    J1402    J1403    J1404    J1405    J1407    
J1408    J1409    J1410    J1411    J1412    J1413    J1414    J1415    
J1416    J1417    J1504    J1505    J1507    J1508    J1509    J1510    
J1511    J1512    J1513    J1514    J1515    J1516    J1517    J1604    
J1605    J1607    J1608    J1609    J1610    J1611    J1612    J1613    
J1614    J1615    J1616    J1617    J1619    J1620    J1621    J1700    
J1701    J1703    J1704    J1705    J1706    J1708    J1709    J1710    
J1711    J1713    J1714    J1715    J1716    J1717    J1718    J1719    
J1720    J1721    J1722    J1723    J1724    J1725    J1726    J1727    
J1728    J1729    J1730    J1803    J1804    J1805    J1806    J1808    
J1809    J1810    J1811    J1813    J1814    J1815    J1816    J1817    
J1818    J1819    J1820    J1821    J1822    J1823    J1824    J1825    
J1826    J1827    J1828    J1829    J1830    J1903    J1904    J1905    
J1906    J1908    J1909    J1910    J1911    J1913    J1914    J1915    
J1916    J1917    J1918    J1919    J1920    J1921    J1922    J1923    
J1924    J1925    J1926    J1927    J1928    J1929    J1930    J2001    
J2002    J2003    J2004    J2005    J2006    J2007    J2008    J2009    
J2010    J2011    J2012    J2013    J2014    J2015    J2016    J2017    
J2018    J2019    J2020    J2101    J2102    J2104    J2105    J2106    
J2107    J2108    J2111    J2112    J2113    J2114    J2115    J2117    
J2118    J2201    J2202    J2203    J2205    J2206    J2208    J2209    
J2210    J2211    J2212    J2213    J2214    J2215    J2217    J2218    
J2219    J2220    J2303    J2305    J2306    J2308    J2309    J2310    
J2311    J2312    J2313    J2314    J2315    J2317    J2318    J2319    
J2320    J2403    J2405    J2406    J2408    J2409    J2410    J2411    
J2412    J2413    J2414    J2415    J2417    J2418    J2419    J2420    
J2422    J2423    J2424    J2425    J2426    J2501    J2502    J2503    
J2504    J2505    J2506    J2507    J2509    J2510    J2511    J2512    
J2513    J2514    J2515    J2516    J2518    J2519    J2520    J2521    
J2605    J2606    J2607    J2609    J2610    J2611    J2612    J2613    
J2614    J2615    J2616    J2618    J2619    J2620    J2621    J2623    
J2624    J2625    J2626    J2627    J2709    J2710    J2713    J2714    
J2715    J2716    J2717    J2718    J2719    J2720    J2722    J2723    
J2724    J2725    J2727    J2730    J2731    J2732    J2733    J2734    
J2735    J2736    J2737    J2739    J2740    J2741    J2742    J2810    
J2813    J2814    J2815    J2816    J2817    J2818    J2819    J2820    
J2822    J2823    J2824    J2825    J2827    J2830    J2831    J2832    
J2833    J2834    J2835    J2836    J2837    J2839    J2840    J2841    
J2842    J2910    J2913    J2914    J2915    J2916    J2917    J2918    
J2919    J2920    J2922    J2923    J2924    J2925    J2927    J2930    
J2931    J2932    J2933    J2934    J2935    J2936    J2937    J2939    
J2940    J2941    J2942    J3004    J3005    J3006    J3007    J3008    
J3010    J3011    J3012    J3013    J3014    J3015    J3016    J3017    
J3018    J3019    J3020    J3023    J3101    J3103    J3104    J3105    
J3107    J3108    J3110    J3111    J3113    J3114    J3115    J3116    
J3117    J3118    J3119    J3120    J3121    J3122    J3123    J3124    
J3125    J3126    J3127    J3128    J3129    J3130    J3131    J3132    
J3207    J3208    J3210    J3211    J3213    J3214    J3215    J3216    
J3217    J3218    J3219    J3220    J3221    J3222    J3223    J3224    
J3225    J3226    J3227    J3228    J3229    J3230    J3231    J3232    
J3307    J3308    J3310    J3311    J3313    J3314    J3315    J3316    
J3317    J3318    J3319    J3320    J3321    J3322    J3323    J3324    
J3325    J3326    J3327    J3328    J3329    J3330    J3331    J3332    
J3335    J3336    J3337    J3401    J3402    J3407    J3408    J3409    
J3410    J3411    J3412    J3413    J3414    J3415    J3416    J3417    
J3418    J3419    J3420    J3421    J3422    J3423    J3424    J3425    
J3426    J3427    J3428    J3429    J3430    J3501    J3502    J3503    
J3504    J3505    J3506    J3507    J3509    J3510    J3511    J3513    
J3514    J3515    J3517    J3518    J3519    J3521    J3522    J3523    
J3525    J3526    J3527    J3529    J3530    J3531    J3601    J3602    
J3603    J3604    J3605    J3606    J3607    J3608    J3609    J3610    
J3612    J3613    J3614    J3615    J3616    J3617    J3618    J3619    
J3620    J3622    J3623    J3624    J3625    J3626    J3627    J3628    
J3629    J3630    J3631    J3701    J3702    J3703    J3704    J3705    
J3706    J3708    J3709    J3710    J3711    J3713    J3714    J3715    
J3716    J3718    J3719    J3720    J3721    J3722    J3723    J3724    
J3725    J3801    J3802    J3803    J3804    J3806    J3807    J3809    
J3810    J3812    J3813    J3815    J3816    J3818    J3819    J3820    
J3821    J3822    J3823    J3824    J3825    J3826    J3827    J3828    
J3829    J3830    J3831    J3832    J3833    J3834    J3835    J3901    
J3902    J3903    J3904    J3905    J3906    J3907    J3908    J3909    
J3910    J3913    J3914    J3915    J3916    J3917    J3918    J3919    
J3920    J3921    J3922    J3923    J3924    J3925    J3926    J3927    
J3928    J3929    J3930    J3931    J3932    J3933    J3934    J3935    
J3936    J3937    J3938    J3939    J3940    J3942    J3943    J3944    
J3945    J3946    J3947    J4001    J4002    J4003    J4004    J4005    
J4006    J4007    J4008    J4009    J4010    J4011    J4012    J4013    
J4014    J4015    J4017    J4018    J4019    J4020    J4022    J4024    
J4026    J4028    J4030    J4031    J4032    J4100    J4101    J4103    
J4104    J4105    J4106    J4110    J4111    J4112    J4113    J4114    
J4115    J4116    J4117    J4125    J4127    J4131    J4132    J4135    
J4136    J4137    J4138    J4139    J4140    J4141    J4201    J4202    
J4203    J4204    J4205    J4206    J4207    J4208    J4209    J4210    
J4211    J4212    J4213    J4214    J4216    J4217    J4218    J4219    
J4220    J4221    J4222    J4223    J4224    J4225    J4226    J4227    
J4228    J4229    J4230    J4231    J4232    J4233    J4234    J4302    
J4303    J4304    J4305    J4306    J4307    J4308    J4309    J4310    
J4311    J4312    J4313    J4314    J4316    J4317    J4318    J4319    
J4320    J4321    J4322    J4323    J4324    J4325    J4326    J4327    
J4328    J4329    J4330    J4331    J4332    J4333    J4334    J4402    
J4403    J4404    J4405    J4406    J4407    J4408    J4409    J4410    
J4411    J4412    J4413    J4414    J4416    J4417    J4418    J4419    
J4420    J4421    J4422    J4423    J4424    J4425    J4426    J4427    
J4428    J4429    J4430    J4431    J4432    J4433    J4434    J4436    
J4437    J4501    J4502    J4503    J4504    J4505    J4507    J4508    
J4509    J4510    J4511    J4512    J4513    J4514    J4515    J4518    
J4519    J4520    J4521    J4522    J4523    J4524    J4525    J4526    
J4527    J4528    J4529    J4531    J4532    J4533    J4534    J4535    
J4538    J4539    J4540    J4541    J4542    J4543    J4544    J4545    
J4546    J4601    J4602    J4604    J4605    J4606    J4607    J4608    
J4611    J4612    J4613    J4614    J4615    J4616    J4617    J4618    
J4619    J4620    J4621    J4622    J4700    J4701    J4703    J4704    
J4705    J4706    J4710    J4711    J4712    J4713    J4714    J4715    
J4716    J4717    J4725    J4727    J4731    J4732    J4735    J4736    
J4737    J4738    J4739    J4740    J4741    J4801    J4802    J4803    
J4804    J4805    J4806    J4807    J4808    J4809    J4810    J4811    
J4812    J4813    J4814    J4816    J4817    J4818    J4819    J4820    
J4821    J4822    J4823    J4824    J4825    J4826    J4827    J4828    
J4829    J4830    J4831    J4832    J4833    J4834    J4902    J4903    
J4904    J4905    J4906    J4907    J4908    J4909    J4910    J4911    
J4912    J4913    J4914    J4916    J4917    J4918    J4919    J4920    
J4921    J4922    J4923    J4924    J4925    J4926    J4927    J4928    
J4929    J4930    J4931    J4932    J4933    J4934    J5002    J5003    
J5004    J5005    J5006    J5007    J5008    J5009    J5010    J5011    
J5012    J5013    J5014    J5016    J5017    J5018    J5019    J5020    
J5021    J5022    J5023    J5024    J5025    J5026    J5027    J5028    
J5029    J5030    J5031    J5032    J5033    J5034    J5036    J5037    
J5101    J5102    J5103    J5104    J5105    J5107    J5108    J5109    
J5110    J5111    J5112    J5113    J5114    J5115    J5118    J5119    
J5120    J5121    J5122    J5123    J5124    J5125    J5126    J5127    
J5128    J5129    J5131    J5132    J5133    J5134    J5135    J5138    
J5139    J5140    J5141    J5142    J5143    J5144    J5145    J5146    
J5201    J5202    J5204    J5205    J5206    J5207    J5208    J5211    
J5212    J5213    J5214    J5215    J5216    J5217    J5218    J5219    
J5220    J5221    J5222    J5301    J5302    J5303    J5304    J5305    
J5306    J5307    J5308    J5309    J5310    J5311    J5312    J5313    
J5314    J5315    J5316    J5317    J5318    J5319    J5320    J5322    
J5323    J5324    J5325    J5326    J5327    J5328    J5330    J5331    
J5332    J5333    J5334    J5335    J5336    J5338    J5415    J5416    
J5417    J5418    J5419    J5420    J5422    J5423    J5424    J5425    
J5426    J5427    J5428    J5430    J5431    J5432    J5433    J5434    
J5435    J5436    J5438    J5501    J5502    J5503    J5504    J5505    
J5506    J5507    J5508    J5509    J5510    J5511    J5512    J5513    
J5514    J5515    J5516    J5517    J5601    J5602    J5603    J5604    
J5606    J5607    J5608    J5609    J5611    J5612    J5614    J5615    
J5616    J5617    J5619    J5620    J5622    J5623    J5624    J5625    
J5627    J5628    J5630    J5631    J5632    J5633    J5635    J5636    
J5638    J5639    J5640    J5641    J5643    J5644    J5646    J5647    
J5648    J5649    J5701    J5702    J5703    J5704    J5705    J5706    
J5707    J5708    J5709    J5710    J5711    J5712    J5713    J5714    
J5715    J5716    J5717    J5718    J5719    J5720    J5721    J5722    
J5723    J5724    J5725    J5729    J5731    J5732    J5733    J5734    
J5735    J5736    J5737    J5738    J5739    J5740    J5741    J5742    
J5743    J5744    J5746    J5747    J5748    J5749    J5750    J5751    
J5801    J5802    J5803    J5804    J5805    J5806    J5808    J5809    
J5810    J5811    J5813    J5814    J5815    J5816    J5818    J5819    
J5820    J5821    J5822    J5823    J5824    J5825    J5901    J5902    
J5903    J5904    J5905    J5906    J5908    J5909    J5910    J5911    
J5912    J5913    J5914    J5925    J5930    J6026    J6027    J6028    
J6029    J6030    J6101    J6102    J6103    J6104    J6105    J6106    
J6108    J6109    J6110    J6120    J6121    J6122    J6123    J6124    
J6301    J6302    J6303    J6304    J6305    J6306    J6308    J6309    
J6310    J6311    J6312    J6313    J6314    J6315    J6316    J6317    
J6318    J6319    J6320    J6321    J6322    J6323    J6324    J6325    
J6326    J6327    J6328    J6329    J6330    J6331    J6332    J6333    
J6334    J6335    J6336    J6337    J6402    J6403    J6405    J6406    
J6407    J6408    J6409    J6410    J6411    J6412    J6413    J6414    
J6415    J6417    J6418    J6420    J6421    J6423    J6424    J6425    
J6426    J6427    J6428    J6429    J6430    J6431    J6432    J6435    
J6436    J6437    J6438    J6439    J6504    J6519    J6520    J6521    
J6522    J6523    J6525    J6526    J6527    J6528    J6529    J6530    
J6531    J6532    J6533    J6534    J6535    J6536    J6600    J6601    
J6602    J6603    J6604    J6605    J6606    J6607    J6608    J6609    
J6610    J6611    J6612    J6613    J6614    J6615    J6616    J6617    
J6618    J6619    J6620    J6621    J6622    J6623    J6624    J6625    
J6626    J6627    J6628    J6629    J6630    J6631    J6632    J6633    
J6634    J6635    J6636    J6637    J6638    J6639    J6640    J6641    
J6642    J6643    J6644    J6645    J6646    J6647    J6648    J6649    
J6654    J6655    J6667    J6668    J6669    J6670    J6671    J6672    
J6673    J6674    J6675    J6676    J6677    J6678    J6679    J6680    
J6681    J6682    J6683    J6684    J6685    J6686    J6687    J6688    
J6689    J6690    J6691    J6692    J6693    J6694    J6695    J6696    
J6697    J6698    J6699    J6700    J6701    J6702    J6703    J6704    
J6705    J6706    J6708    J6709    J6710    J6711    J6712    J6713    
J6714    J6715    J6716    J6717    J6720    J6721    J6722    J6723    
J6724    J6725    J6726    J6727    J6728    J6729    J6731    J6732    
J6733    J6734    J6735    J6736    J6737    J6738    J6739    J6741    
J6742    J6743    J6744    J6745    J6746    J6747    J6748    J6749    
J6751    J6752    J6753    J6754    J6761    J6762    J6763    J6764    
J6765    J6766    J6767    J6768    J7000    J7001    J7002    J7005    
J7006    J7007    J7008    J7009    J7010    J7011    J7012    J7013    
J7014    J7015    J7018    J7100    J7101    J7102    J7103    J7104    
J7105    J7106    J7107    J7108    J7109    J7110    J7111    J7112    
J7113    J7114    J7115    J7116    J7117    J7118    J7119    J7120    
J7121    J7122    J7123    J7124    J7125    J7126    J7127    J7128    
J7129    J7130    J7131    J7132    J7133    J7134    J7135    J7136    
J7137    J7141    J7142    J7143    J7144    J7145    J7146    J7149    
J7150    J7152    J7153    J7154    J7155    J7157    J7158    J7159    
J7160    J7161    J7162    J7163    J7164    J7165    J7166    J7168    
J7169    J7170    J7171    J7173    J7174    J7175    J7176    J7177    
J7178    J7179    J7180    J7181    J7182    J7183    J7184    J7185    
J7186    J7187    J7191    J7192    J7193    J7194    J7195    J7196    
J7197    J7198    J7199    J7200    J7205    J7206    J7207    J7208    
J7209    J7210    J7211    J7212    J7213    J7214    J7215    J7216    
J7217    J7218    J7219    J7220    J7221    J7222    J7223    J7224    
J7225    J7226    J7227    J7228    J7229    J7230    J7231    J7232    
J7233    J7234    J7235    J7236    J7237    J7238    J7239    J7240    
J7241    J7242    J7243    J7244    J7245    J7246    J7247    J7248    
J7249    J7250    J7251    J7252    J7253    J7254    J7255    J7256    
J7257    J7258    J7259    J7260    J7261    J7262    J7263    J7264    
J7265    J7266    J7267    J7272    J7273    J7274    J7275    J7276    
J7277    J7278    J7279    J7280    J7281    J7282    J7283    J7284    
J7285    J7286    J7287    J7288    J7289    J7290    J7291    J7292    
J7293    J7294    J7295    J7296    J7297    J7298    J7299    J7300    
J7301    J7302    J7303    J7304    J7305    J7306    J7307    J7308    
J7309    J7310    J7311    J7312    J7313    J7314    J7315    J7316    
J7317    J7318    J7319    J7320    J7321    J7322    J7323    J7324    
J7325    J7326    J7327    J7328    J7329    J7330    J7331    J7332    
J7333    J7334    J7335    J7336    J7337    J7338    J7339    J7340    
J7341    J7342    J7343    J7344    J7345    J7346    J7347    J7348    
J7349    J7350    J7351    J7352    J7353    J7354    J7355    J7356    
J7357    J7358    J7359    J7360    J7361    J7362    J7364    J7366    
J7367    J7368    J7369    J7370    J7371    J7372    J7377    J7380    
J7381    J7387    J7392    J7395    J7396    J7397    J7398    J7399    
J7401    J7402    J7405    J7406    J7407    J7408    J7409    J7410    
J7411    J7412    J7415    J7416    J7417    J7418    J7419    J7420    
J7500    J7501    J7500    J7501    J7502    J7503    J7507    J7508    
J7509    J7510    J7511    J7512    J7513    J7514    J7515    J7516    
J7517    J7518    J7519    J7520    J7521    J7522    J7523    J7524    
J7525    J7526    J7527    J7528    J7529    J7530    J7531    J7532    
J7533    J7534    J7535    J7536    J7537    J7538    J7539    J7540    
J7541    J7542    J7543    J7545    J7546    J7547    J7548    J7549    
J7550    J7551    J7552    J7553    J7554    J7555    J7564    J7565    
J7566    J7567    J7568    J7569    J7570    J7571    J7572    J7575    
J7576    J7577    J7582    J7583    J7584    J7585    J7586    J7601    
J7603    J7605    J7607    J7609    J7611    J7613    J7615    J7617    
J7618    J7620    J7622    J7624    J7626    J7628    J7630    J7631    
J7632    J7633    J7634    J7635    J7636    J7637    J7638    J7639    
J7640    J7641    J7642    J7643    J7647    J7650    J7651    J7652    
J7662    J7666    J7667    J7679    J7680    J7681    J7685    J7686    
J7687    J7688    J7689    J7690    J7691    J7692    J7693    J7694    
J7695    J7696    J7697    J7698    J7699    J7700    J7701    J7702    
J7703    J7704    J7706    J7707    J7708    J7712    J7713    J7714    
J7715    J7716    J7717    J7718    J7719    J7720    J7721    J7722    
J7723    J7724    J7725    J7726    J7727    J7728    J7729    J7730    
J7731    J7732    J7733    J7734    J7735    J7736    J7738    J7740    
J7742    J7744    J7746    J7751    J7752    J7753    J7754    J7755    
J7756    J7758    J7759    J7760    J7761    J7762    J7763    J7764    
J7765    J7767    J7801    J7802    J7804    J7805    J7806    J7808    
J7809    J7811    J7812    J7813    J7814    J7815    J7816    J7817    
J7818    J7820    J7821    J7822    J7823    J7824    J7827    J7828    
J7829    J7831    J7832    J7834    J7835    J7836    J7837    J7838    
J7839    J7840    J7841    J7843    J7844    J7845    J7846    J7847    
J7850    J7851    J7852    J7854    J7855    J7857    J7858    J7859    
J7860    J7861    J7862    J7863    J7864    J7866    J7867    J7868    
J7869    J7870    J7904    J7905    J7906    J7908    J7909    J7911    
J7912    J7913    J7914    J7915    J7916    J7917    J7918    J7920    
J7921    J7922    J7923    J7924    J7927    J7928    J7929    J7931    
J7932    J7934    J7935    J7936    J7937    J7938    J7939    J7940    
J7941    J7943    J7944    J7945    J7946    J7947    J7950    J7951    
J7952    J7954    J7955    J7957    J7958    J7959    J7960    J7961    
J7962    J7963    J7964    J7966    J7967    J7968    J7969    J7970    
J7973    J7974    J7975    J7976    J7977    J8000    J8005    J8007    
J8020    J8021    J8022    J8023    J8024    J8098    J8163    J8164    
J8166    J8167    J8168    J8175    J8188    J8300    J8401    J8402    
J8403    J8404    J8405    J8406    J8407    J8408    J8409    J8410    
J8411    J8412    J8413    J8414    J8415    J8416    J8417    J8418    
J8419    J8420    J8421    J8422    J8423    J8424    J8425    J8426    
J8427    J8428    J8429    J8430    J8431    J8432    J8433    J8434    
J8435    J8436    J8437    J8438    J8439    J8440    J8441    J8442    
J8443    J8444    J8445    J8446    J8447    J8448    J8449    J8450    
J8451    J8452    J8453    J8454    J9082    J9083    J9084    J9085    
J9086    J9087    J9088    J9089    J9090    J9099    J9100    J9101    
J9102    J9103    J9104    J9105    J9106    J9107    J9108    J9109    
J9110    J9111    J9112    J9113    J9114    J9115    J9116    J9117    
J9118    J9119    J9120    J9121    J9122    J9123    J9124    J9125    
J9126    J9127    J9128    J9129    J9130    J9131    J9132    J9133    
J9134    J9135    J9136    J9137    J9138    J9139    J9140    J9141    
J9142    J9143    J9144    J9145    J9146    J9147    J9148    J9149    
J9150    J9151    J9152    J9153    J9202    J9203    J9204    J9205    
J9206    J9207    J9208    J9209    J9210    J9211    J9212    J9213    
J9214    J9215    J9216    J9217    J9218    J9219    J9220    J9221    
J9222    J9223    J9224    JY1      JYY1
X14      X19      X100     X101     X102     X103     X104     X105     
X106     X107     X108     X109     X110     X111     X112     X113     
X114     X115     X116     X117     X118     X119     X120     X121     
X122     X123     X124     X125     X126     X127     X128     X129     
X130     X131     X132     X133     X134     X135     X136     X137     
X202     X203     X204     X205     X206     X207     X208     X209     
X210     X211     X212     X213     X214     X215     X216     X217     
X218     X219     X220     X221     X222     X223     X224     X225     
X301     X302     X304     X305     X306     X308     X310     X312     
X314     X316     X318     X320     X322     X324     X326     X328     
X330     X401     X402     X403     X404     X405     X406     X407     
X408     X409     X410     X411     X412     X413     X414     X415     
X416     X417     X418     X419     X420     X421     X422     X423     
X424     X425     X426     X427     X428     X429     X430     X432     
X501     X502     X503     X504     X505     X506     X507     X508     
X509     X510     X511     X513     X514     X516     X517     X518     
X519     X520     X521     X522     X523     X526     X601     X602     
X603     X604     X606     X607     X608     X609     X611     X612     
X613     X614     X616     X617     X618     X619     X620     X622     
X623     X624     X626     X627     X628     X630     X631     X632     
X634     X635     X636     X701     X702     X703     X704     X705     
X707     X708     X709     X710     X711     X713     X714     X715     
X716     X717     X718     X720     X721     X722     X723     X724     
X725     X726     X727     X802     X803     X804     X805     X806     
X807     X808     X809     X810     X811     X812     X813     X814     
X815     X816     X817     X819     X820     X821     X822     X823     
X824     X825     X826     X827     X828     X829     X830     X902     
X903     X904     X905     X906     X907     X908     X909     X911     
X912     X913     X914     X915     X916     X917     X918     X920     
X931     X1002    X1004    X1005    X1006    X1007    X1008    X1009    
X1011    X1012    X1013    X1014    X1015    X1016    X1017    X1018    
X1020    X1032    X1034    X1035    X1036    X1037    X1038    X1039    
X1040    X1041    X1043    X1044    X1045    X1046    X1101    X1102    
X1103    X1104    X1105    X1106    X1108    X1109    X1110    X1111    
X1112    X1114    X1115    X1116    X1117    X1119    X1120    X1121    
X1122    X1123    X1125    X1126    X1127    X1128    X1130    X1131    
X1132    X1133    X1134    X1136    X1201    X1202    X1203    X1205    
X1206    X1207    X1208    X1209    X1210    X1211    X1212    X1214    
X1215    X1216    X1217    X1218    X1219    X1220    X1221    X1223    
X1224    X1225    X1401    X1402    X1403    X1404    X1405    X1407    
X1408    X1409    X1410    X1411    X1412    X1413    X1414    X1415    
X1416    X1417    X1504    X1505    X1507    X1508    X1509    X1510    
X1511    X1512    X1513    X1514    X1515    X1516    X1517    X1604    
X1605    X1607    X1608    X1609    X1610    X1611    X1612    X1613    
X1614    X1615    X1616    X1617    X1619    X1620    X1621    X1700    
X1701    X1703    X1704    X1705    X1706    X1708    X1709    X1710    
X1711    X1713    X1714    X1715    X1716    X1717    X1718    X1719    
X1720    X1721    X1722    X1723    X1724    X1725    X1726    X1727    
X1728    X1729    X1730    X1803    X1804    X1805    X1806    X1808    
X1809    X1810    X1811    X1813    X1814    X1815    X1816    X1817    
X1818    X1819    X1820    X1821    X1822    X1823    X1824    X1825    
X1826    X1827    X1828    X1829    X1830    X1903    X1904    X1905    
X1906    X1908    X1909    X1910    X1911    X1913    X1914    X1915    
X1916    X1917    X1918    X1919    X1920    X1921    X1922    X1923    
X1924    X1925    X1926    X1927    X1928    X1929    X1930    X2001    
X2002    X2003    X2004    X2005    X2006    X2007    X2008    X2009    
X2010    X2011    X2012    X2013    X2014    X2015    X2016    X2017    
X2018    X2019    X2020    X2101    X2102    X2104    X2105    X2106    
X2107    X2108    X2111    X2112    X2113    X2114    X2115    X2117    
X2118    X2201    X2202    X2203    X2205    X2206    X2208    X2209    
X2210    X2211    X2212    X2213    X2214    X2215    X2217    X2218    
X2219    X2220    X2303    X2305    X2306    X2308    X2309    X2310    
X2311    X2312    X2313    X2314    X2315    X2317    X2318    X2319    
X2320    X2403    X2405    X2406    X2408    X2409    X2410    X2411    
X2412    X2413    X2414    X2415    X2417    X2418    X2419    X2420    
X2422    X2423    X2424    X2425    X2426    X2501    X2502    X2503    
X2504    X2505    X2506    X2507    X2509    X2510    X2511    X2512    
X2513    X2514    X2515    X2516    X2518    X2519    X2520    X2521    
X2605    X2606    X2607    X2609    X2610    X2611    X2612    X2613    
X2614    X2615    X2616    X2618    X2619    X2620    X2621    X2623    
X2624    X2625    X2626    X2627    X2709    X2710    X2713    X2714    
X2715    X2716    X2717    X2718    X2719    X2720    X2722    X2723    
X2724    X2725    X2727    X2730    X2731    X2732    X2733    X2734    
X2735    X2736    X2737    X2739    X2740    X2741    X2742    X2810    
X2813    X2814    X2815    X2816    X2817    X2818    X2819    X2820    
X2822    X2823    X2824    X2825    X2827    X2830    X2831    X2832    
X2833    X2834    X2835    X2836    X2837    X2839    X2840    X2841    
X2842    X2910    X2913    X2914    X2915    X2916    X2917    X2918    
X2919    X2920    X2922    X2923    X2924    X2925    X2927    X2930    
X2931    X2932    X2933    X2934    X2935    X2936    X2937    X2939    
X2940    X2941    X2942    X3004    X3005    X3006    X3007    X3008    
X3010    X3011    X3012    X3013    X3014    X3015    X3016    X3017    
X3018    X3019    X3020    X3023    X3101    X3103    X3104    X3105    
X3107    X3108    X3110    X3111    X3113    X3114    X3115    X3116    
X3117    X3118    X3119    X3120    X3121    X3122    X3123    X3124    
X3125    X3126    X3127    X3128    X3129    X3130    X3131    X3132    
X3207    X3208    X3210    X3211    X3213    X3214    X3215    X3216    
X3217    X3218    X3219    X3220    X3221    X3222    X3223    X3224    
X3225    X3226    X3227    X3228    X3229    X3230    X3231    X3232    
X3307    X3308    X3310    X3311    X3313    X3314    X3315    X3316    
X3317    X3318    X3319    X3320    X3321    X3322    X3323    X3324    
X3325    X3326    X3327    X3328    X3329    X3330    X3331    X3332    
X3335    X3336    X3337    X3401    X3402    X3407    X3408    X3409    
X3410    X3411    X3412    X3413    X3414    X3415    X3416    X3417    
X3418    X3419    X3420    X3421    X3422    X3423    X3424    X3425    
X3426    X3427    X3428    X3429    X3430    X3501    X3502    X3503    
X3504    X3505    X3506    X3507    X3509    X3510    X3511    X3513    
X3514    X3515    X3517    X3518    X3519    X3521    X3522    X3523    
X3525    X3526    X3527    X3529    X3530    X3531    X3601    X3602    
X3603    X3604    X3605    X3606    X3607    X3608    X3609    X3610    
X3612    X3613    X3614    X3615    X3616    X3617    X3618    X3619    
X3620    X3622    X3623    X3624    X3625    X3626    X3627    X3628    
X3629    X3630    X3631    X3701    X3702    X3703    X3704    X3705    
X3706    X3708    X3709    X3710    X3711    X3713    X3714    X3715    
X3716    X3718    X3719    X3720    X3721    X3722    X3723    X3724    
X3725    X3801    X3802    X3803    X3804    X3806    X3807    X3809    
X3810    X3812    X3813    X3815    X3816    X3818    X3819    X3820    
X3821    X3822    X3823    X3824    X3825    X3826    X3827    X3828    
X3829    X3830    X3831    X3832    X3833    X3834    X3835    X3901    
X3902    X3903    X3904    X3905    X3906    X3907    X3908    X3909    
X3910    X3913    X3914    X3915    X3916    X3917    X3918    X3919    
X3920    X3921    X3922    X3923    X3924    X3925    X3926    X3927    
X3928    X3929    X3930    X3931    X3932    X3933    X3934    X3935    
X3936    X3937    X3938    X3939    X3940    X3942    X3943    X3944    
X3945    X3946    X3947    X4001    X4002    X4003    X4004    X4005    
X4006    X4007    X4008    X4009    X4010    X4011    X4012    X4013    
X4014    X4015    X4017    X4018    X4019    X4020    X4022    X4024    
X4026    X4028    X4030    X4031    X4032    X4100    X4101    X4103    
X4104    X4105    X4106    X4110    X4111    X4112    X4113    X4114    
X4115    X4116    X4117    X4125    X4127    X4131    X4132    X4135    
X4136    X4137    X4138    X4139    X4140    X4141    X4201    X4202    
X4203    X4204    X4205    X4206    X4207    X4208    X4209    X4210    
X4211    X4212    X4213    X4214    X4216    X4217    X4218    X4219    
X4220    X4221    X4222    X4223    X4224    X4225    X4226    X4227    
X4228    X4229    X4230    X4231    X4232    X4233    X4234    X4302    
X4303    X4304    X4305    X4306    X4307    X4308    X4309    X4310    
X4311    X4312    X4313    X4314    X4316    X4317    X4318    X4319    
X4320    X4321    X4322    X4323    X4324    X4325    X4326    X4327    
X4328    X4329    X4330    X4331    X4332    X4333    X4334    X4402    
X4403    X4404    X4405    X4406    X4407    X4408    X4409    X4410    
X4411    X4412    X4413    X4414    X4416    X4417    X4418    X4419    
X4420    X4421    X4422    X4423    X4424    X4425    X4426    X4427    
X4428    X4429    X4430    X4431    X4432    X4433    X4434    X4436    
X4437    X4501    X4502    X4503    X4504    X4505    X4507    X4508    
X4509    X4510    X4511    X4512    X4513    X4514    X4515    X4518    
X4519    X4520    X4521    X4522    X4523    X4524    X4525    X4526    
X4527    X4528    X4529    X4531    X4532    X4533    X4534    X4535    
X4538    X4539    X4540    X4541    X4542    X4543    X4544    X4545    
X4546    X4601    X4602    X4604    X4605    X4606    X4607    X4608    
X4611    X4612    X4613    X4614    X4615    X4616    X4617    X4618    
X4619    X4620    X4621    X4622    X4700    X4701    X4703    X4704    
X4705    X4706    X4710    X4711    X4712    X4713    X4714    X4715    
X4716    X4717    X4725    X4727    X4731    X4732    X4735    X4736    
X4737    X4738    X4739    X4740    X4741    X4801    X4802    X4803    
X4804    X4805    X4806    X4807    X4808    X4809    X4810    X4811    
X4812    X4813    X4814    X4816    X4817    X4818    X4819    X4820    
X4821    X4822    X4823    X4824    X4825    X4826    X4827    X4828    
X4829    X4830    X4831    X4832    X4833    X4834    X4902    X4903    
X4904    X4905    X4906    X4907    X4908    X4909    X4910    X4911    
X4912    X4913    X4914    X4916    X4917    X4918    X4919    X4920    
X4921    X4922    X4923    X4924    X4925    X4926    X4927    X4928    
X4929    X4930    X4931    X4932    X4933    X4934    X5002    X5003    
X5004    X5005    X5006    X5007    X5008    X5009    X5010    X5011    
X5012    X5013    X5014    X5016    X5017    X5018    X5019    X5020    
X5021    X5022    X5023    X5024    X5025    X5026    X5027    X5028    
X5029    X5030    X5031    X5032    X5033    X5034    X5036    X5037    
X5101    X5102    X5103    X5104    X5105    X5107    X5108    X5109    
X5110    X5111    X5112    X5113    X5114    X5115    X5118    X5119    
X5120    X5121    X5122    X5123    X5124    X5125    X5126    X5127    
X5128    X5129    X5131    X5132    X5133    X5134    X5135    X5138    
X5139    X5140    X5141    X5142    X5143    X5144    X5145    X5146    
X5201    X5202    X5204    X5205    X5206    X5207    X5208    X5211    
X5212    X5213    X5214    X5215    X5216    X5217    X5218    X5219    
X5220    X5221    X5222    X5301    X5302    X5303    X5304    X5305    
X5306    X5307    X5308    X5309    X5310    X5311    X5312    X5313    
X5314    X5315    X5316    X5317    X5318    X5319    X5320    X5322    
X5323    X5324    X5325    X5326    X5327    X5328    X5330    X5331    
X5332    X5333    X5334    X5335    X5336    X5338    X5415    X5416    
X5417    X5418    X5419    X5420    X5422    X5423    X5424    X5425    
X5426    X5427    X5428    X5430    X5431    X5432    X5433    X5434    
X5435    X5436    X5438    X5501    X5502    X5503    X5504    X5505    
X5506    X5507    X5508    X5509    X5510    X5511    X5512    X5513    
X5514    X5515    X5516    X5517    X5601    X5602    X5603    X5604    
X5606    X5607    X5608    X5609    X5611    X5612    X5614    X5615    
X5616    X5617    X5619    X5620    X5622    X5623    X5624    X5625    
X5627    X5628    X5630    X5631    X5632    X5633    X5635    X5636    
X5638    X5639    X5640    X5641    X5643    X5644    X5646    X5647    
X5648    X5649    X5701    X5702    X5703    X5704    X5705    X5706    
X5707    X5708    X5709    X5710    X5711    X5712    X5713    X5714    
X5715    X5716    X5717    X5718    X5719    X5720    X5721    X5722    
X5723    X5724    X5725    X5729    X5731    X5732    X5733    X5734    
X5735    X5736    X5737    X5738    X5739    X5740    X5741    X5742    
X5743    X5744    X5746    X5747    X5748    X5749    X5750    X5751    
X5801    X5802    X5803    X5804    X5805    X5806    X5808    X5809    
X5810    X5811    X5813    X5814    X5815    X5816    X5818    X5819    
X5820    X5821    X5822    X5823    X5824    X5825    X5901    X5902    
X5903    X5904    X5905    X5906    X5908    X5909    X5910    X5911    
X5912    X5913    X5914    X5925    X5930    X6026    X6027    X6028    
X6029    X6030    X6101    X6102    X6103    X6104    X6105    X6106    
X6108    X6109    X6110    X6120    X6121    X6122    X6123    X6124    
X6301    X6302    X6303    X6304    X6305    X6306    X6308    X6309    
X6310    X6311    X6312    X6313    X6314    X6315    X6316    X6317    
X6318    X6319    X6320    X6321    X6322    X6323    X6324    X6325    
X6326    X6327    X6328    X6329    X6330    X6331    X6332    X6333    
X6334    X6335    X6336    X6337    X6402    X6403    X6405    X6406    
X6407    X6408    X6409    X6410    X6411    X6412    X6413    X6414    
X6415    X6417    X6418    X6420    X6421    X6423    X6424    X6425    
X6426    X6427    X6428    X6429    X6430    X6431    X6432    X6435    
X6436    X6437    X6438    X6439    X6504    X6519    X6520    X6521    
X6522    X6523    X6525    X6526    X6527    X6528    X6529    X6530    
X6531    X6532    X6533    X6534    X6535    X6536    X6600    X6601    
X6602    X6603    X6604    X6605    X6606    X6607    X6608    X6609    
X6610    X6611    X6612    X6613    X6614    X6615    X6616    X6617    
X6618    X6619    X6620    X6621    X6622    X6623    X6624    X6625    
X6626    X6627    X6628    X6629    X6630    X6631    X6632    X6633    
X6634    X6635    X6636    X6637    X6638    X6639    X6640    X6641    
X6642    X6643    X6644    X6645    X6646    X6647    X6648    X6649    
X6654    X6655    X6667    X6668    X6669    X6670    X6671    X6672    
X6673    X6674    X6675    X6676    X6677    X6678    X6679    X6680    
X6681    X6682    X6683    X6684    X6685    X6686    X6687    X6688    
X6689    X6690    X6691    X6692    X6693    X6694    X6695    X6696    
X6697    X6698    X6699    X6700    X6701    X6702    X6703    X6704    
X6705    X6706    X6708    X6709    X6710    X6711    X6712    X6713    
X6714    X6715    X6716    X6717    X6720    X6721    X6722    X6723    
X6724    X6725    X6726    X6727    X6728    X6729    X6731    X6732    
X6733    X6734    X6735    X6736    X6737    X6738    X6739    X6741    
X6742    X6743    X6744    X6745    X6746    X6747    X6748    X6749    
X6751    X6752    X6753    X6754    X6761    X6762    X6763    X6764    
X6765    X6766    X6767    X6768    X7000    X7001    X7002    X7005    
X7006    X7007    X7008    X7009    X7010    X7011    X7012    X7013    
X7014    X7015    X7018    X7100    X7101    X7102    X7103    X7104    
X7105    X7106    X7107    X7108    X7109    X7110    X7111    X7112    
X7113    X7114    X7115    X7116    X7117    X7118    X7119    X7120    
X7121    X7122    X7123    X7124    X7125    X7126    X7127    X7128    
X7129    X7130    X7131    X7132    X7133    X7134    X7135    X7136    
X7137    X7141    X7142    X7143    X7144    X7145    X7146    X7149    
X7150    X7152    X7153    X7154    X7155    X7157    X7158    X7159    
X7160    X7161    X7162    X7163    X7164    X7165    X7166    X7168    
X7169    X7170    X7171    X7173    X7174    X7175    X7176    X7177    
X7178    X7179    X7180    X7181    X7182    X7183    X7184    X7185    
X7186    X7187    X7191    X7192    X7193    X7194    X7195    X7196    
X7197    X7198    X7199    X7200    X7205    X7206    X7207    X7208    
X7209    X7210    X7211    X7212    X7213    X7214    X7215    X7216    
X7217    X7218    X7219    X7220    X7221    X7222    X7223    X7224    
X7225    X7226    X7227    X7228    X7229    X7230    X7231    X7232    
X7233    X7234    X7235    X7236    X7237    X7238    X7239    X7240    
X7241    X7242    X7243    X7244    X7245    X7246    X7247    X7248    
X7249    X7250    X7251    X7252    X7253    X7254    X7255    X7256    
X7257    X7258    X7259    X7260    X7261    X7262    X7263    X7264    
X7265    X7266    X7267    X7272    X7273    X7274    X7275    X7276    
X7277    X7278    X7279    X7280    X7281    X7282    X7283    X7284    
X7285    X7286    X7287    X7288    X7289    X7290    X7291    X7292    
X7293    X7294    X7295    X7296    X7297    X7298    X7299    X7300    
X7301    X7302    X7303    X7304    X7305    X7306    X7307    X7308    
X7309    X7310    X7311    X7312    X7313    X7314    X7315    X7316    
X7317    X7318    X7319    X7320    X7321    X7322    X7323    X7324    
X7325    X7326    X7327    X7328    X7329    X7330    X7331    X7332    
X7333    X7334    X7335    X7336    X7337    X7338    X7339    X7340    
X7341    X7342    X7343    X7344    X7345    X7346    X7347    X7348    
X7349    X7350    X7351    X7352    X7353    X7354    X7355    X7356    
X7357    X7358    X7359    X7360    X7361    X7362    X7364    X7366    
X7367    X7368    X7369    X7370    X7371    X7372    X7377    X7380    
X7381    X7387    X7392    X7395    X7396    X7397    X7398    X7399    
X7401    X7402    X7405    X7406    X7407    X7408    X7409    X7410    
X7411    X7412    X7415    X7416    X7417    X7418    X7419    X7420    
X7500    X7501    X7500    X7501    X7502    X7503    X7507    X7508    
X7509    X7510    X7511    X7512    X7513    X7514    X7515    X7516    
X7517    X7518    X7519    X7520    X7521    X7522    X7523    X7524    
X7525    X7526    X7527    X7528    X7529    X7530    X7531    X7532    
X7533    X7534    X7535    X7536    X7537    X7538    X7539    X7540    
X7541    X7542    X7543    X7545    X7546    X7547    X7548    X7549    
X7550    X7551    X7552    X7553    X7554    X7555    X7564    X7565    
X7566    X7567    X7568    X7569    X7570    X7571    X7572    X7575    
X7576    X7577    X7582    X7583    X7584    X7585    X7586    X7601    
X7603    X7605    X7607    X7609    X7611    X7613    X7615    X7617    
X7618    X7620    X7622    X7624    X7626    X7628    X7630    X7631    
X7632    X7633    X7634    X7635    X7636    X7637    X7638    X7639    
X7640    X7641    X7642    X7643    X7647    X7650    X7651    X7652    
X7662    X7666    X7667    X7679    X7680    X7681    X7685    X7686    
X7687    X7688    X7689    X7690    X7691    X7692    X7693    X7694    
X7695    X7696    X7697    X7698    X7699    X7700    X7701    X7702    
X7703    X7704    X7706    X7707    X7708    X7712    X7713    X7714    
X7715    X7716    X7717    X7718    X7719    X7720    X7721    X7722    
X7723    X7724    X7725    X7726    X7727    X7728    X7729    X7730    
X7731    X7732    X7733    X7734    X7735    X7736    X7738    X7740    
X7742    X7744    X7746    X7751    X7752    X7753    X7754    X7755    
X7756    X7758    X7759    X7760    X7761    X7762    X7763    X7764    
X7765    X7767    X7801    X7802    X7804    X7805    X7806    X7808    
X7809    X7811    X7812    X7813    X7814    X7815    X7816    X7817    
X7818    X7820    X7821    X7822    X7823    X7824    X7827    X7828    
X7829    X7831    X7832    X7834    X7835    X7836    X7837    X7838    
X7839    X7840    X7841    X7843    X7844    X7845    X7846    X7847    
X7850    X7851    X7852    X7854    X7855    X7857    X7858    X7859    
X7860    X7861    X7862    X7863    X7864    X7866    X7867    X7868    
X7869    X7870    X7904    X7905    X7906    X7908    X7909    X7911    
X7912    X7913    X7914    X7915    X7916    X7917    X7918    X7920    
X7921    X7922    X7923    X7924    X7927    X7928    X7929    X7931    
X7932    X7934    X7935    X7936    X7937    X7938    X7939    X7940    
X7941    X7943    X7944    X7945    X7946    X7947    X7950    X7951    
X7952    X7954    X7955    X7957    X7958    X7959    X7960    X7961    
X7962    X7963    X7964    X7966    X7967    X7968    X7969    X7970    
X7973    X7974    X7975    X7976    X7977    X8000    X8005    X8007    
X8020    X8021    X8022    X8023    X8024    X8098    X8163    X8164    
X8166    X8167    X8168    X8175    X8188    X8300    X8401    X8402    
X8403    X8404    X8405    X8406    X8407    X8408    X8409    X8410    
X8411    X8412    X8413    X8414    X8415    X8416    X8417    X8418    
X8419    X8420    X8421    X8422    X8423    X8424    X8425    X8426    
X8427    X8428    X8429    X8430    X8431    X8432    X8433    X8434    
X8435    X8436    X8437    X8438    X8439    X8440    X8441    X8442    
X8443    X8444    X8445    X8446    X8447    X8448    X8449    X8450    
X8451    X8452    X8453    X8454    X9082    X9083    X9084    X9085    
X9086    X9087    X9088    X9089    X9090    X9099    X9100    X9101    
X9102    X9103    X9104    X9105    X9106    X9107    X9108    X9109    
X9110    X9111    X9112    X9113    X9114    X9115    X9116    X9117    
X9118    X9119    X9120    X9121    X9122    X9123    X9124    X9125    
X9126    X9127    X9128    X9129    X9130    X9131    X9132    X9133    
X9134    X9135    X9136    X9137    X9138    X9139    X9140    X9141    
X9142    X9143    X9144    X9145    X9146    X9147    X9148    X9149    
X9150    X9151    X9152    X9153    X9202    X9203    X9204    X9205    
X9206    X9207    X9208    X9209    X9210    X9211    X9212    X9213    
X9214    X9215    X9216    X9217    X9218    X9219    X9220    X9221    
X9222    X9223    X9224    X30022   X30074   X42000   X42001   Y1       
YY1      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
END OF CODEBOOK
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
